                                                                                                                                           what do all battered women have in common? they don't listen.
                              who invented the north america? teacher: sarah, go to the map and find north america. sarah: here it is. teacher: correct. now class, who discovered america?class: sarah!
                                                     i feel like this election ended up being a good thing for hilary clinton. at least now she knows what it feels like to get fucked by the president.
                                                                                                                                                         what do you call a pile of kittens? a meowntain
                                                                                                         i feel bad for people named john smith. they probably didn't get the gmail account they wanted.
                                                                                                                                  what would you have if your car's  motor was in flames? a fire engine.
                                                             when accused by a woman a man's first instinct is to deny. we're not lying, we're just buying time to remember what you're talking about...
                                                                                     i set my phone to airplane mode i lost it two weeks ago and everyone has a different opinion on what happened to it
                                                                                                                                               there's a thin line distinguishing "heroes" from "herpes"
                                                                                                                                  what did batman tell robin before they got in the car? get in the car.
                                                                                                               what happens when you get your girlfriend pregnant? you shove a coathanger up her vagina.
                                                    who always gets to the lgbt rally the fastest? the lesbians, because they leave lickety-split. meanwhile, the gay guys are still packing their shit.
                                                                                                              what did the aardvark say when he lost the race to the ant? if you can't beat 'em eat 'em!
                                                                                                                                                what's the best kind of alcohol for your liver? nonanol.
                                                                                                                                                 what did one bean say to the other? how you bean doing.
                                                                                                                                                        don't leave me alone. alone: i have a boyfriend.
                                                                                                                               trust is like an eraser. it gets smaller and smaller after every mistake.
                                                                                                                                                   finally loses virginity. 3 more years left in prison.
                                                                       whenever i see people doing sign language, i assume they are discussing the best way to murder the rest of us and steal our ears.
                                                                      my wife told me to take a spider out instead of killing it... we went out and had drinks. cool guy, he wants to be a web designer.
                                                            as i waved my gun in their faces, i thought to myself "what kinda weird bank has children, clowns, presents, & balloons all over the place?"
                                                                                                                                      "it's summer! yay! no more school shootings!" - american children.
                                                             i went for a run in morning but came home after 2 minutes coz i forgot something i forgot that i'm so fat that i can only run for 2 minutes
                                                              just watched a heart-warming video of a soldier returning home from afghanistan to his cat, who looks at him as if to say "were you away?"
                                                                                                                i will never trust a poster who claims to be an obstetrician. because op never delivers.
                                                                                                                                           my children are the reason hurricanes are named after humans.
                                                                                                                did you know... jesus created cross-fit. i guess you could say i really nailed that one.
                                                               if i had a dime for every time i lost something between the couch cushions... i would probably lose those between the couch cushions too.
                                                                                                                                           sorry i dropped your baby and tried to catch it with my foot.
                                                                                                         picking up mcdonald's coffee now for tomorrow morning. hopefully, it'll be cooled down by then.
                                                                                                 she won't admit she's obsessed with instagram... but her kids' names are brannan, kelvin, and valencia.
                                                                                        a lot more happened on board the titanic than you might think. the movie just touched on the tip of the iceberg.
                                                                                                                                                 what's another name for a ghost writer? a prose-titute.
                                                                                                                                 what did octavian say when he stormed cleopatra's gardens? caesar salad
                                                                                                                                              i would look more like a mountain.. if i were so inclined.
                                                                                         why did the cowgirl name her pony ink? because it kept running out of the pen!! my favorite joke when young :).
                                                                                                                                             reddit is down? now where will 9gag get all of its content?
                                                                                                                roses are red.... violets are blue-ish, if it weren't for christmas, we'd all be jewish!
                                                                                                                                           my wife and i are into s&amp;m she sleeps and i masturbate :(
                                                                                                                  q: how many pisceans does it take to change a lightbulb? a: lightbulb? what lightbulb?
                                                                   he shouldn't have died so young, but he also shouldn't have cut the grass at 7:30 am on a sunday. (i'm writing my neighbors obituary)
                                                                                                                       todays stats: my 3yr old got pissed off with me because i couldn't stop the wind.
                                                                       a female is like an ap free response question she asks question a, b, c, and d and implanted in all are questions i, ii, and iii.
                                                                        when i tell people i don't speak english to get out of a conversation i randomly throw the word hemorrhoid just to bring it home
                                                                                                               why did the witch get a car with manual transmission? because she prefers to drive stick!
                                                                                                                                                    what was hitler's favourite aquatic animal? adolfin.
                                         i just finished arguing with a friend who thought that charlize's role as aeon flux was much better than her role as imperator furiosa. i guess to each theron.
                                                                                                             i told my daughter we might be getting a blizzard and she asked for one with reese's pieces
                                                 i bought some shoes from a drug dealer, i don't know what he laced them with but i have been tripping all day. --my amazing girlfriend told me this one
                                                                                                                                                             what kind of bread do rednecks like? inbred
                                                                                 why does hillary clinton want to have sex with bill clinton first thing in the morning? she wants to be the first lady.
                                                                                                                                             all liquor stores are open 24 hours. when you have a brick.
                                                                                                                                   what did the group of unborn babies say when they were hungry? fetus.
                                                               new neighbor: hi. it's nice to meet you. me: it's nice to meet you too. this is my daughter, 9 neighbor: what's your twitter @ me: dammit
                                                                       one thing books from 100 years ago teach us is that if you leave a baby in the jungle, it'll be fine. better than fine, actually.
                                                             and then god said, "let there be black friday." and he saw that it was a terrible idea but it was too late cuz people were already in line.
                                                                                                            so... a three legged dog walks into a bar and says "i'm looking for the man who shot my pa".
                                                                                                                                                              i wonder what "don't touch" is in braille.
                                                                                                                a vampire could've photobombed every picture you've ever been in and you will never know
                                                                                                          i'm not saying i want a divorce, it's just that sometimes 50% custody sounds pretty appealing.
                                                                                                                                                          i just can't wrap my head around decapitation.
                                                                                            why did pee wee herman win the annual bass fishing contest? experts say it's because he was a master baiter.
                                                  the average russian day when you ask a russian how his day is going. "it is an average day today: not as good as yesterday, but better than tomorrow."
                                                                                                                                  what do you have when you have a cow and two ducks? milk and quackers.
                                                             my wife said "why do you always treat me like a cunt?" i didn't know what to say, so i just put 2 fingers in her mouth and licked her nose.
                                                            go to starbucks. tell them your name is dad. hide in the crowd. listen as the hipster barista says "dad?..dad?..dad?..dad?!" & starts crying
                                                             i'm never drinking & driving again because the last time, it was a disaster. i lost control and ended up driving to a robin thicke concert.
                                                                                                                                                 how does a korean walk a dog? with a little bit of oil.
                                                                                                                                 mondays aren't so bad if you force yourself to have a terrible weekend.
                                                                                                                                                 what is a suicidal person's favorite card game? bridge.
                                                                       so much wasted time in public school, as an adult i've never used cursive, done algebra, or had to remember anything from sex ed.
                                                                                              why did the elephant sit on the marshmallow? because he didn't want to fall into the cup of hot chocolate.
                                                                                                      how guys wake up in the morning brain: "oh f*ck." body: "don't get up." dick: "this is spartaa!!!"
                                                            [text] "hey" hi. "i'm just laying in bed thinking about you." this is your mom. "new phone who dis?" eric, that doesn't work. you texted me.
                                                                                                                              what's hillary clinton's favorite christmas carol? depends, what is yours?
                                                                                                                                             what kind of pants does super mario wear? denim denim denim
                                                                                                         #1: checking your phone after someone else pulls out their phone is the yawn of our generation.
                                                                                                                   an insect just flew into my bedroom and exploded. i think it was a jihaddy long legs.
                                                                                                                                  my new girlfriend is a sandwich artist and she's really into roll play
                                                                 me:*lying*omg i have an identical twin too date:wow we should all meet up [cut to us at a house of mirrors] date: your brother is quiet
                                     knock knock... *who's there?* nine-eleven... *nine-eleven who?* **you said you'd never forget!** edit: i accidentally wrote it incorrectly; my sincerest apologies.
                                                                                                                                       knock knock who's there ! amanda ! amanda who ? amanda the table!
                              two penguins walk into a bar... two penguins walk into a bar. they look around for a second and then one turn to the other and says, "god damn it, frank! we overdressed!"
                                                               next year big pixar movie for kids: follow the journey of a single tear down an old womans face as she learns her grandson died in a fire
                                                                                                                        what's the difference between five dicks and a joke? your mom can't take a joke.
                                                                                                                      if we drown in this upcoming hurricane, would that make us... ...the joaquin dead?
                                                                                                                                     me: [first gang practice] is snack time before or after the murders
                                                                                                       i like my coffee like i like my women... ...from a third world country and at a reasonable price!
                                                                                       awesome comeback teacher: where the hell is your math homework?! me: it committed suicide, had too many problems.
                                                                                                         what do i get when u heat up sour cream? just cream, it's not sour. -told me to by a friend. ap
                                                                                                                please don't share 9/11 jokes, i lost my dad on 9/11 he took over 2500 infidels with him
                                                                                                                                                              what's got two legs and bleeds? half a dog
                                                                                                                                          what do you get when you mix /r/pokemon and /r/gonewild? pp up
                                                                                      an airplane killed a jogger while making an emergency landing on a south carolina beach. which is why i don't jog.
                                                                                                                                   how did oedipus convince his mom to have sex with him? he 'incested'.
                                                                                                                                             have you heard the joke about the three rats? it was cheesy
                                                                                                                i want to buy a tesla coil. shocking, i know... but i feel really energetic around them.
                                                             last night,my friend changed all my contacts in my phone.i've been texted by batman donatello,hermione granger.i have no idea who they are.
                                                                                                                                                    how does a cheerleader answer the phone?  h-e-l-l-o!
                                                                  job interview tip: bring a box to the interview, point at it and say "i do all my thinking outside of that." then open some champagne.
                                                                                                i hear donald trump is going to ban cans of parmesan cheese... ..he's going to make america grate again.
                                                                                                      911 operator (female): what's your emergency guy (being murdered): haha nothing what are you up to
                                                                                                                                                   what do you call a condom full of money? johnny cash.
                                                                                            78% of parenting is spent anxiously praying they don't notice the minuscule lego piece you just vacuumed up.
                                                                                      *buying flowers* sales girl: would you like the receipt? me: sure! if they don't work, i'll be bringing them back.
                                i recently met up with an old girlfriend of mine and we immediately started having sex... ...the police got annoyed, however - they only wanted me to identify the body.
                                                                                                       a guy went to the doctor complaining of constipation but the doctor concluded he was full of shit
                                                                                                           i just wish my ex-wife could look down from heaven and see me now. but no, she's still alive.
                                                                                                                    i robbed a cookery shop last night... to make it big you've got to take some whisks.
                                                             i'm impressed by girls who paint their eyebrows on. how do you pick one facial expression for the whole day? like what if you find a penny?
                                                                 what is the most well-known joke of heni patel, the famous comedian from the sub-continent? "take my wife ... if you would be so kind!"
                                                                                                                                                            how do chocolate labs not die of themselves?
                                                                                                         my doctor wrote me a prescription... it writes dailysex but my girlfriend insists it's dyslexia
             a woman walks into a hospital... for a routine checkup on her pregnancy. the nurse looks at her file and says "oh! twins! were they spontaneous?" the woman replies "no, we had sex first."
                                                  a young jewish boy asks his father if he can borrow $50... his father replies: "40 dollars!, what could you possibly need to borrow 30 dollars for?!?"
                                                                                      jewish kid asks his father for $50 ... his father replies: "forty dollars?! what do you need thirty dollars for?!"
                                                                      theres a dating website for people that believe the government is ran by lizard people so i really have no excuse for being single
                                                                                                                                                  the other day i wrote a post about muslims it blew up!
                                                                                           best technique for screwing a fattie... flip through her rolls until you smell shit, then just flip back one.
                                                                                                             darth vader watched the harry potter movies "it was pretty wizard i guess" said darth vader
                                                                                                                       the best cure for dry coughing. take some laxative. you will not cough, trust me.
                                                                                                                                  my toilet stopped working today. he decided he's had enough of my shit
                                                                                                                                                  i almost bruised myself yesterday it was a missed ache
                                                                                               breaking news: we can all tell kanye something because we're still waiting for him to get his money right
                                                                                                                                  why does john snow wear a rolex ? because he's a man of the nice watch
                                                                                                                                            there once was a jealous zombie... but he ate his heart out.
                                               microsoft has developed a special version of the halo 3 rendering engine which can run within libreoffice calc spreadsheets... it's called halo3.**ods**t
                                                                                                                              what did the violin say when it finally played the music correctly? viola.
                                                                                                                                        what did the tie say to the neck? i think i'll just hang around.
                                                                                              what does your mom and my fantasy football team have in common? as soon as i put money on them, they suck.
                                                              marriage is like a deck of cards. in the beginning all you need is two hearts and a diamond. by the end you wish you had a club and spade.
                                                                                 q: what's the difference between a blonde and an ironing board? a: it's difficult to open the legs of an ironing board.
                                                                                                                                                         what do you call a gang of tires? a rubber band
                                                                                                                                                       how does a dishwasher make his money? panhandling
                                                                                                    i'm a racist person and my mouth says racist things but my penis is a humanitarian. - dave chapelle.
                                                   sing to the tune of "yankee doodle"... helen keller went to town, a-ridin' on a pony, stuck a feather in her hat and called it "hunngunnggunufffungg"
                                                                                                                                         what's a pirate's worst nightmare? a sunken chest with no booty
                                                                                                                                         is it racist if a guy with a small dick calls it his ding dong?
                                                                                                                              being popular on facebook is like being the smartest kid in summer school.
                                                                                                                                                                         how to stop rape? with consent!
                                                                                                              q: two men drive into a car wash. which one  is the irishman? a: the one on the motorbike.
                                                                                                                                what do you get if you cross a shark with a snowman? an empty playground
                                                                  my daughter has an ice skating date with her boyfriend tonight. so i'll be the guy skating behind two 12 year olds carrying a shotgun.
                                                                                                                                            what do you have to know to be a real estate salesman? lots.
                                                                                                                      the sight of naked cleavage reduces a man's ability to reason by 50% ... per boob.
                                                                                     a number fight there was this 1,2,3,4,5,6,7 ganging on a 0, he tightened his belt and became an 8 and beat them all
                                                                                              i asked an extremely fit girl if i could see her snatch... so she loaded up the bar and asked, "how many?"
                                                                                                                                                                   if she's on top... you're fucking up.
                                                                                                                               no one really expected the avatar porn it kinda just came out of the blue
                                                                                                                                 i bet cats are pissed at dogs because their name only anagrams to "tac"
                                                                                                                                what do you call a car bomb shot with a shot of fireball? a paul walker.
                                                                                                      what's the difference between a porsche and a porcupine? a porcupine has the pricks on the outside
                                                                                                                                                                   alzheimer's joke [not sure if repost]
                                                                                                                                                               where do peek-a-boo patients go? the icu.
                                                                                                                   if i gave everyone on the planet a penny... ...would that be considered common cents?
                                                                                                                                                     what's brown, smelly and rhymes with snoop? dr. dre
                                                                                                            how did the jewish man take advantage of the wasted girl at the bar? he had her pay his tab!
                                                                                                       i just read a book about stockholm syndrome it was pretty bad at first, but by the end i liked it
                                                            [on a date] her: any accomplishments? me: yeah, i'm an award winning [eyes darting around] award winning [sees a dog] dog... liker her: awww
                                                                                        i always try to tell myself that i don't actually hate people as much as i say i do...and then i go to the mall.
                                                                                                                                  i once dated a girl who had 12 nipples. sounds pretty crazy, dozentit?
                                                                  they say one friend out of every group has the potential to be a serial killer so i pushed steve off a cliff, just in case it was him.
                                                                                          college didnt do any good for me, brought about no change in life. i came out of it as i went in......a virgin
                                                                                                      all that felix proved sunday was that red bull does not give you wings... you must use a parachute
                                                                               the razzi family had more family photographs than any other family. all thanks to the dad. papa razzi. goodnight everyone
                                                                                                                                       did you say that you need to go see a psychiatrist? that's crazy!
                                                                                                                                                   what do people call their grandmother in india? naana
                                                                                                                    why did the moon break up with earth? the moon said they were slowly drifting apart.
                                                             my ex got me arrested cause i used to sit outside her house all day. she thought i was stalking her but i wasn't, i just had her wifi code.
                                                            9yo: look what i made! me: what? 9yo: i taped 2 toilet rolls & made binoculars! me: great.*holds up iphone* this is what 9yos in china make.
                                                                                                                                        was your ass freed from enslavement? because it's off the chain.
                                                                                                            [serious] what are the serious impacts of drinking water just after you had had a wet dream?
                                                                                         [on a business trip to south carolina] nice to meet you. i'm from philadelphia. "welcome to the united states."
                                                                                                                           i tried getting my girlfriend to do my taxes... but she really wasn't intuit.
                                                                       a psychic dwarf escaped an institution for the criminally insane... it took police weeks to track down the small medium at large.
                                                                    my parents are really against my candlemaking habit. one day, i came home, and saw that they had thrown away all of my parrafinalia.
                                                                                                                     why did the tornado get arrested?  -for speeding theft vandalism assault and murder
                                                                                                                                       instagram would have been a good name for a weed delivery service
                                     i'm in trouble with my wife. i totally forgot her special birthday' that was such a big deal apparently. still, everything went fine and it was a healthy baby boy!
                                                                                                                        i sat back looking at the stars and began to think.. where the heck is my roof?!
                                                                                                                                     what's the difference between a snowman and a snowwoman? snow balls
                        what do you call it if you were to second guess your decision to book time at a native american community? that's a reservation reservation reservation. (credit to brian regan)
                                                                                                                                  finals come around and now you like the library? name 3 of their songs
                                                                                                                                                       what got the apple into skydiving? pear pressure.
                                                                                                                                                   no, sweetie. you can't see the moon with vernaculars.
                                                                apparently 1 in 8 of us live next door to a pedophile. i certainly don't, i live next door to a gorgeous 9 year old with a cracking ass.
                                                                                        rabbits in a row. what do you get when 100 rabbits stand in a row and 99 take a step back? a receding hare line.
                                                                                                                                          my cat is 11 and still only has one word, should i be worried.
                                                                                                                           why did 9gag cross the road? to steal a reddit user's post on the other side.
                                                                                                  show me a woman in a tweety bird t-shirt and i'll show you a woman who shoplifts in the grocery store.
                                                                                                                                                 what do you call a cow with no hind legs? an utter drag
                                                                                                                                   thank you for telling the definition of "many" to me. it means a lot.
                                                                                                                                                           what do 9 out of 10 people enjoy? a gang rape
                                                                                                                                                                    a politician died it was a good day.
                                                                                                                                why didnt the illiterate man like my post on r/jokes? he's never reddit.
                                                                                                                                          why did the tinman not go to the ball? his heart wasn't in it.
                                                                                                                     if it's any consolation, your doppelganger is probably having a really awesome day.
                                                                                                                              sometimes relationships last longer when facebook doesn't know about them.
                                                                                                         how many psychiatrists does it take to change a light bulb? one but he must consult the dsm-iv.
                                                                                                                  you'll never believe how much this girl paid me to have sex with her...... one vagina.
                                                                                             so these two cannibals are eating a clown... one turns to the other and says, does this taste funny to you?
            it sucks to be a dick.. a dick has a sad life. his hair is a mess; his family is nuts; his next-door neighbor is an asshole; his best friend is a pussy, and his owner beats him habitually.
                                                                                                                       last week i ordered a vault and some speakers today they arrived, safe and sound.
                                                                                                                                                             never trust an atom they make up everything
                                                                                lapd announced they fired a dozen officers this today... in other news, 12 cabins were burned to the ground in big bear.
                                                                                                                {thomas edison prank call} is your refrigerator running? "yes.." you're welcome! *click*
                                                                                                                                  "ok, imagine a fleshlight, but full of food." - hot pocket sales pitch
                                                                                    how many germans does it take to screw in a lightbulb? i don't know the exact number, but many hans make light work.
                                                                                        sar-chasm (noun) when you're joking, but everyone thinks you're being serious, you've fallen into the sar-chasm.
                                                                                                                                                 what do drunk female pirates like to give up? da booty!
                  a man gets pulled over for speeding. the cop comes to the driver's window, takes a few sniffs and says "sir, have you been drinking?" the driver says "i swear to drunk, i'm not god!"
                                                                                                                   why are so many people obese these days? because burgers are$.99 and salads are $4.99
                                                                                        my girlfriend surprised me with a dirty sex toy for my birthday... now she is in jail and i have anal infection.
                                                                   what do a country singer and combination of and snl character and jewish comedian have in common)? both would be called garth brooks.
                                                                                                                              the camera adds 10 pounds. the front facing iphone camera adds 437 pounds.
                                                            [phone] wife: where the hell are u? me: well u know that jewellers where u saw that ring u wanted? w: omg m: i'm in a bar not far from there
                                                                                            what is the difference between a paycheck and a cock? you don't have to beg your wife to blow your paycheck!
                                                                                                                                      denial, anger, bargaining, depression, acceptance saturday, sunday
                                                                                                                             what's the name of the operation to change a woman into a man? addadictomy.
                                                                [wedding] "...to join these two in holy matrimony. the ring, please?" [maid of honor pops tape in vcr.] [one week later: everyone dies.]
                                                                                                                                             he died doing what he loved; shouting 'boo!' behind horses.
                                                                                                                            my mind is a micro-government, fighting wars of its own creation for profit.
                                                                                                                                  my shower has two settings: -freezing cold -the ending of terminator 2
                                                                                                                                                                     monotony is my favorite bored game.
                                                                                                                                     hey movie villains - make a bomb where the wires are all one color.
                                                                                                                                            i hate pedophiles. those guys are fucking immature assholes.
                                                                                                                                                 which book makes prudish gorillas blush? the naked ape!
                                                              if it was raining men i doubt anyone'd say hallelujah. pretty sure people'd be screaming things like, "augh! that guy just killed my mom!"
                                                    today i found out my roommate was pansexual... needless to say i was pretty shocked when i woke up and found him in bed with all of our kitchenware.
                                                                                                                                                     "where do you see yourself in five years?" in 2020.
                                                               my stepson and his friend are driving around in my car. if he wrecks it, i have insurance. if he plays nickelback in it, i'll murder him.
                                                                                                                                            what's gordon ramsey's favourite movie? it's fucking frozen!
                                                                                                                                  knock knock who's there ! anthem ! anthem who ? you anthem devil you !
                                                                                                                                            you know why paedophiles don't play skyrim? no lollygagging.
                                                                                                                              the three words most hated by men during sex? "are you in?" or "is it in?"
                                                      mother: what did you learn in school today son: how to write mother: what did you write? son: i don't know they haven't taught us how to read yet!
                                                                                                                          i know my wife is cheating with my best friend her pussy tastes like his dick.
                                                                                                                                                          knock knock who's there? to to who? to *whom.*
                                                                                                                                           if you don't have anything nice to say, say it sarcastically.
                                                                                                                                                          what kind of tie does a pig wear ? pig's tie !
                                                                                                                           what did one tampon say to the other? nothing... they're both stuck up cunts.
                                                                                                                      two gay guys walk into a bar. one sits down slowly, the other pushes his stool in.
                                                                                                               don draper struggles to open a powerpoint file during an important pitch. #madmenseason15
                                                                                         i'm not saying she's fat... ...but if i had to name the top five fattest people i know, she'd be three of them.
                                                                                                                                          what do you call a frenchman with eleven penises? jean cocteau
                                                                                                              how do you confuse a polish laborer? lay down three shovels and tell him to take his pick.
                                                                               a movie about my life would really just be two hours of someone waiting at a bus stop and still managing to miss the bus.
                                                                                                                                       why can't a feminist shoot a gun? they can't handle the triggers.
                                                                                                                               the welsh are making a remake of a popular nicolas cage film. goat rider.
                                                                                                                                    did you ever ask your parents what went wrong, people named lasagna?
              last night, during sex, i suddenly stopped and didn't move... she was like, "what the hell are you doing!?" and i was like, "hush baby, i saw this on pornhub....it's called 'buffering'."
                                                      karen on facebook says, "2014 is going sooooo well!" personally, i've already fcuked up 2014, and a good chunk of 2015, so go fcuk yourself karen.
                                                                                                                                 why are drums a fire hazard? because they're flam-able. ba-da bum tsss.
                                                                                                                                                  what gets easier to pick up the heavier it gets? women
                                                                                                                                                have you ever tried ethiopian food... neither have they.
                                                                   i failed my biology test today a question asked, "what is commonly found in cells?" apparently "black people" wasn't the right answer
                                                                             "my night's about to get better now that you're turned on." ... said the student to his printer when he finished his essay.
                                                                                                                                    what's the difference between op and a pregnant woman? she delivers.
                                                                                                                                                    i'm shocked... turns out toasters aren't waterproof.
                                                                                                          "i am santa claus." "no you're not." "yes i am." "ok." - miracle on 34th street in tweet form.
                                                                                                                      there's one good thing about suffering from insomnia 3 more sleeps 'til christmas!
                                                                                                                    my german plumber just hooked my gas line to my shower. i guess old habits die hard.
                                                                                                              what do you get if you cross a bee with a quarter  of a pound of ground beef? a humburger.
                                                                                       robin williams apparently commited suicide last night. his brothers, venus and serena, are said to be distraught.
                                                                                                                                                  2 secrets to success 1) never tell everything you know
                                                                                                                              what do you call a 10 ten old irish boy who doesn't go to church? a virgin
                                                                                                                                                i eat the pussy like mac n cheese i'm lactose intolerant
                                                                                                        the best thing about weed is it teaches you that it's okay to take 35 minutes to make a sandwich
                               two ants, jack and rose, are sitting on a leaf on water. suddenly, a small tide comes and upturns the leaf. only the girl ant sinks... ...because the other is a buoy ant
                                                                                                                           women are like gremlins, get them wet and they get into all sorts of trouble.
                                                                                         why is daniel radcliffe celebrated and worshiped in judaism? because he's the only one who escaped the chamber.
                                                                                                    [works when you say it]. the best part about having sex with 28 year olds is that there's 20 of them
                                                                               i have said it before. i will at it again. if anyone is into wife swapping. i will take a dirtbike or a puppy. hit me up.
                                                                                                                                                        the cat's in the cradle....omg. it ate the baby.
                                                                                                         a woman on death row is asked what she would like for her last meal. i dunno, what do you want?
                                                                                                                                                           how do you get rid of a reddit admin? chooter
                                                                         "my girlfriend is a feminist", i explained to my grandfather "well, heck son - nothing wrong with a feminine woman" he replied.
                                                                                            if this hillary case blows up... it will be the second time a weiner has ruined the presidency for a clinton
                                                                                                                                                                   happier than a witch in a broom shop.
                                                                                 what a compliment by husband../ wife: "i look fat. can you give me a compliment?" husband: "you have perfect eyesight."
                                                                                  if "the big one" hits l.a., they say the sewer system will be out of commission for six months. so how will they tell?
                                                                               the human body is amazing; i ate no pickles today, yet i just produced a burp that tasted exactly like delicious pickles.
                                                                                                                                   what did picasso and smurfette have in common? both had blue periods.
                                                            january 1: gonna work out everyday january 2: [works out] jan 3: [kind of works out] jan 4: [too busy to work out] jan 5: vanity is bullshit
                                                                                                   my doctor said i need to drink more water every day, so i have started putting ice cubes in my vodka.
                                                a bitter army veteran storms into a classroom and shouts "if it weren't for me you'd all be speaking german!" "that's right" replies the german teacher.
                                                                                                                                   sorry for my poor volume control regulation but this is a good cuddle
                                                                                          if pro is the opposite of con.. then what is the opposite of progress? congress.... thank you george carlin :)
                                                                                                                               you don't really know someone until you get ridiculously drunk with them.
                                                                                                                     i just ate 2 lbs. of greek yogurt in one sitting and people say i'm not cultured...
                                                                                                         have you heard about karma, the new restaurant? there's no menu. you just get what you deserve.
                                                                                                                             how many kids does adrian peterson have? more than you can shake a stick at
                                                                                                                                          marriage. because your sh*tty day doesn't have to end at work.
                                                                                  my ex girlfriend kept stuffed animals all over her bed. it really killed the mood... ...because she was a taxidermist.
                                                                                                                                             how does moses get his coffee? he buys it from starbucks...
                                                                                                                                                                      the lady artist by andrew pictures
                                                                                                                                                              sneezed. nobody blessed me. going to hell.
                                                                    what'sapp me: mom, what's for dinner? mom : typing ... *gets married* *have kids* *gets old* *dies* *goes to hell* mom: fish, honey!
                                                                                                                                              why did the hedgehog cross the road? to see he's flat mate
                                                            cop: get down on the ground me: i didn't do... cop:*cuffing me* dispatch, we have a creepy clown in custody me: these are my regular clothes
                                                                       top four signs of job security: 4. promotions and raises 3. specialized skills 2. top producer 1. compromising photos of the boss
                                                                                                      the hardest part of parenting is standing idly by while your children build a mediocre couch fort.
                                                                                                                                                 what is an irish 7 course meal? a six pack and a potato
                                                          q: what's clinton doing to make americans happy? a: if you've paid your tax bill and have enough money left to feed your family--you're happy.
                                                                                                                                                       teachers call me a fish because i'm below c level
                                           freddy thought he was the true nightmare until he met chuck norris who roundhouse kicked and from that day freddy hides in fear thinking a nightmare in texas
                                                                     *hands girl a card that says be mine* girl: aw that's so sweet *pulls out a pickaxe* me: come on, do it i need some iron asap lady!
                                                                                                                                                    what time does sean connery go to wimbledon? tennish
                                                              primaries are like childbirth. after a great deal pain, yelling, and recrimination, everyone forgets how awful it was until the next time.
                                                                                                                                  what's the difference between a gun and amnesia? oh shoot, i forgot...
                                                             if someone broke up with me (doubtful) i would say 'ok weird eyes' even if their eyes weren't weird id say it. because they'd always wonder
                                                                                                                        people cry about homeless dogs... yet it's free to adogt them and no one dogs...
                                                                                                                                                                       how do porcupines hug? carefully!
                                                                                                                                     if donald trump named his scrotum would it be called goldman sachs?
                                                                                                                                                       if homework goes too easy you are doing it wrong.
                                                    i went in to hospital for an operation... i asked the anaesthetist if i could administer the needle myself, and he said: "sure, knock yourself out".
                                                                                                                                   bing is a fast search engine because you're the only person using it.
                                                                                                         spiders have it about right. if he doesn't bring her a snack when he courts her it's curtains..
                     my friend from mexico got bit by a mosquito.. he could not figure out why his american friend was not receiving bites as well. i told him the bugs were hungry for mexican tonight.
                                                                                                                            i have a friend with only one leg. he's been having some issues with stares.
                                                                     a man walked inside an interior decorators convention and everyone was laughing... he asked what's so funny. "it's an inside joke".
                                                                            in the 80s they used an egg in a frying pan to demonstrate a brain on drugs only because they didn't have twitter in the 80s
                                                                                                                       going for a classy st. patrick's day this year. anyone know of a good green wine?
                                                                                                                      dude that's not a tire swing its a warning to other tires that trespass in my yard
                                                                                           i've been in wisconsin for ten pounds. that means one week for those of you who have never visited wisconsin.
                                                                                                                                      why did the rams give michael sam #96? would #69 be too offensive?
                                                                             every year i make a resolution to change myself... this year i am making a resolution to be myself!.....happy new year 2013
                                       why did the watermelon and the honeydew decide to cancel their spontaneous wedding in las vegas? they realized with a family like theirs, they really cantaloupe.
                                                                                                                            if i had a dollar for every gender... i'd have $2 and some monopoly money...
                                                                                                            if all my facebook friends followed me on twitter, i'd be dragged to church for an exorcism.
                                                             [1st date] -i'm a fish whisperer. wow, what does that mean? -*whispers* fish. oh... haha um what do you- -*whispers right in her ear* fish.
                                                                                                          my grandmother was just diagnosed with parkinson's disease she looks pretty shaken up about it
                                                             taught the 5yo to say "totes magotes" to annoy my husband who can't figure out why the kid keeps yelling, "coach my goats, dad!" nailed it.
                                                                                                                                                                  you tolkien to me?!" - hobbit de niro.
                                                                     i was gonna tell a gay joke... ~~butt fuck it.~~ though i decided not to because it would offend the members of the lgbt community.
                                                                                                                                                       what does the aardvark take sailing? an aard ark!
                                                                                                     why was being a soprano a requirement to becoming a pirate? it made it easier to deal with high c's
                                                                                                                                                  what is stevie wonder's favorite guitar chord? c minor
                                                            remember when putting something on the internet was the equivalent of hiding it in a vault on a planet your parents had never even heard of?
                                                                                                           what do sex in a canoe and american beer have in common? they're both fucking close to water.
                                                            i read an article about a stolen dog being reunited with its owner and it made me feel good to think maybe someone will steal my dog one day
                                                                                                                                   til you don't actually learn something new everyday. wait. nevermind.
                                                                                                                          did you hear about that terrorist attacks in moscow? there's ruble everywhere.
                                                                                                                                                   "premature ejaculation man i need help!!" i'm coming!
                                                                                                                       using a phone case is like buying a ferrari and gluing corolla body panels to it.
                                                                                                   energizer bunny made a mess.... i put the batteries in backwards and it just kept cumming and cumming
                                                                                                 my parents were nihilists, but i knew they loved me... ...because when they died, they left me nothing.
                                                                                                                                          is the black friday name racist? because everything's a steal?
                                                                           how many gays does it take to change a light bulb? the light bulb shouldn't need to change in order for society to accept it.
                                                                                                                                                    lady gaga is so nasty i wouldn't even poke her face.
                                                                                                    what is this special type of waffle called a "tennis racket" and why does it taste like metal wires?
                                                             him: i'm tolerant of the gay lifestyle. a neighbor of mine was gay. me: thanks. i'm tolerant of yours too. a neighbor of mine was an idiot.
                                                                                                                      when comparing men to women, you'll notice there's a vas deferens between the two.
                                                                                                                      "how did the blind girl explain her pregnancy?" she said she didn't see him coming
                                                                                                                                what do you call a muslim ganglord with a penchant for noodles? ramendon
                                                                                                                                                                   i escaped iraq. wanna know how? iran.
                                                                                                                                                 i don't have a fitbit. but i have a couple of fat bits.
                                                                                                                                  doctor doctor, i only have 59 seconds to live! be with you in a minute
                                                                                                                                                          how do you say "whoops" in german? world war 2
                                                                                                                         how many kids with add does it take to change a lightbulb? let's go ride bikes!
                                                                                                                                    barista: how do you take your coffee? me: seriously. very seriously.
                                                                                                                                      duck joke q: why did the duck go to jail? a: he was selling quack.
                                                                                                                                      there should be a documentary about meth addiction: need for speed
                                                                                              what does an irish samuel l jackson say when passing someone on the street? top of the mornin' muthafucka!
                                                               me: hi, come get me. this house is weird and someone is snoring. mom: honey, for the last time you're not at a sleepover. you're married.
                                                                                                                                            what should you do when you see a spaceman? park in it, man.
                                                                                                                                            my gf could be a an nfl running back she will *not* go down.
                                                                                                                               what do you call a chicken with lettuce in its eye? chicken caesar salad.
                                                                                                              i'll never forget my grandfather's last words stop shaking the ladder, you little bastard!
                                                                                                                                     what's the difference between 3 and 13? nothing, they both have 1 3
                                                                                            i love when a girl posts a selfie with "no filter" but the shit is so blown out you can't even see her nose.
                                                                                                                         what's so good about living in switzerland? not sure but the flag's a big plus.
                                                                           i will be buried in a spring loaded casket filled with confetti, and a future archeologist will have one awesome day at work.
                                                                                                                                  being the life of the party doesn't mean being the whore of the night.
                                                                                                                          what's a polar bear? a rectangular bear after a co&amp;ouml;rdinate transform.
                                                                                                                                                what does velcro yell as it charges into battle? attach!
                                                                                                   suzy why did little suzy fall of the swing set? she has no arms... knock knock? who's there? not suzy
                                                                                                            bill: my sister has lovely long red hair all down her back. will: pity it's not on her head.
                                                                                                                       why does an elephant have 4 feet? because it would look ridiculous with 8 inches.
                                                                                                                                                      ugh, i'm still writing 2009 on all my ransom notes
                                                             god, grant me the serenity to yell at immigrant children, the courage to still say i'm a christian, and the ignorance to not get the irony.
                                                                                                                                                    what do you call a bunch of phones having sex? a 4g.
                                                                                                                                                 why do riot police get to work early? to beat the crowd
                                                             my friend texts "ur" instead of "you're" but puts extra letters in "so" because she's "soooo happy." this is why everyone hates you, julie.
                                                                      i love breakdancing. i don't do it... or watch it, even. i just like it because it allows be to sell cardboard to rich white kids.
                                                                                                                                            what's the hardest part of making monster soup? stirring it.
                                                                                                                              a midget psychic broke out of prison. now there's a small medium at large.
                                                                                buddy: why don't women want to have sex in the morning? me: dunno buddy: you ever try to open a grilled cheese sandwich?
                                                                                                                                  knock knock who's there ! amber ! amber who ? amber-sting to come in !
                  my friend with ocd keeps hitting f5... he says he finds it refreshing. i told him he needs help, now he keeps hitting f1. (edit- thanks to r/supremesnicker for the better punchline.)
                                                                                                            why is cellphone reception so good in wisconsin even the smallest towns have at least 4 bars
                                                                                                                              why couldn't the troll catch any fish? because other people took the bait.
                                                        a cat walks into the bar and asks for a glass of water. the bartender responds: '' are you going to drink it or just knock it over on purpose?''
                                                                                                                                              what did the homeless man get for christmas ? hypothermia.
                                                                                                                                            what did the llama say when asked to a picnic? alpaca lunch!
                                                                                  "what the hell? where's the other, smaller version of this person?"--russian surgeon's 1st time cutting a patient open
                                                                                                      how do you know you are a real redneck? you let your 12yr old daughter smoke in front of her kids.
                                                                                 what's the similarity between madeline mccann and a submarine? they are both at the bottom of the ocean full of seamen.
                                                                                          the 15yo turns 16 today. getting him a cake in the shape of a massive increase in our auto insurance premiums.
                                                                                                                                      unicorns are extinct because they weren't horny enough. mind=blown
                                                                                                                             what's whitney houston's favorite type of coordination? hand-eyeeeeeeeeeee!
                                                                                                                                         all dogs go to heaven... but all snakes are athe-hissssssssssts
                                                                                      it was my five year old daughter's school play last night. i haven't enjoyed myself so much in years! i didn't go.
                                                                            why do people get suspicious when a baby doesn't like you? it's not psychic. it's a stupid baby with shitty taste in people.
                                                                                                                do these jorts stuffed with free breadsticks from olive garden make my thighs look oily?
                                                                                                                                    what is the fluid capacity of monica lewinsky's mouth? one us leader
                                                                                        maybe ancient civilizations wouldn't have died out if they'd built regular buildings instead of these dumb ruins
                                                                                                                      "i hate hashtags!" dad screams as he smashes his #1 dad coffee mug against a wall.
                                                                             i hope it's true that girls eventually turn into their mothers, because this girl i just ran over has a mother who's alive.
                                                                                                                 favorite cheese what is a mathematicians favourite cheese? dairylea cheese right angles
                                                                                                               you know you need to lose weight........... when your girlfriend wants to suck your tits.
                                                                                                                       i had 13 items in the 12 items or less line, so i just put a banana in my pocket.
                                                                                                                            what do you call a man with no arms or legs being pulled behind a boat? skip
                                                                                 til grizzly bears are not harmed by microwave radiation. in fact, they are one among several species of non-polar bear!
                                                                                                                                        here's a step by step guide to staircases *gives you a handrail*
                                                                                                                               a truck carrying semen samples got into an accident... and lost it's load
                                                               i was pleased with the first day of the world cup, and even more pleased that it didn't turn into "2 girls, 1 world cup" as i had feared.
                                                                                                                                   bovine hijinx q; what do cows do for fun? a: they go to the moo-vies!
                                                                                                                                                      what do you call an old mexican woman? a bean bag.
                                                                                                                                  do you know the definition of a bonehead? someone who's marrow minded.
                                                                                                                                            why did the vampire use mouthwash? because he had bat breath
                                                                                         my friend has a phd in sexual deviancy she can talk about autoerotic asphyxiation until she's blue in the face!
                                                                                                 why do jews get their penises circumcised? because jewish girls won't touch anything that's not 10% off
                                                                                                   why did the chicken cross the road? ... to get to your house. knock knock *who's there?* the chicken!
                                                                 i got sacked as a tour guide in vatican city. as i was talking about the pope, we turned a corner and i said, "ah, speak of the devil".
                                                                                                                        why did kim jong un instagram his missile? it was the only way he could send it.
                                                                                                                                                    to help reduce cost, this status was typed in china.
                                                                                                 knock knock...... who's there? one two. one two who? that's one to many questions open the fucking door
                                                                                                                                            what do you call batman when he skips church? christian bale
                                                            wile e coyote: i can't get rid of this headache *tnt explodes* *anvil drops on his head* *bus flattens him* dr: it's probably stress-related
                                                                                                    this valentines day, i want to really surprise my wife. so i'm gonna introduce her to my girlfriend.
                                                                                      pa's being chased by a bull! well what in tarnation do you want me to do about it? get me some film for my camera!
                                      a man is at a job interview interviewer: it says here you had a 4 year gap in your resume man: i went to yale interviewer: your hired man: wow i finally got a yob
                                                                                                                                     why is it hard dating an astronaut? because they have space issues.
                                                                                                                                    what do you call a hebrew that lives in the alpines? a mountain jew.
                                                                          the only standards i have in life are about the quality of alcohol i consume, and even that gets sketchy after about 5 drinks.
                                                                                                                                             what do you call a gust of wind full of sand? a rough draft
                                                                                                                         how can you tell if a mechanic went home for lunch? one of his fingers is clean
                                                                                                                                                  does shaking the vending machine count as working out?
                                                                   van gogh's girlfriend: my dearest vincent, lend me your ear him: cuts ear off her: i just wanted u to listen to me him: nah, i'm good
                                                             hi, i'd like a salamus sandwich, please. "you mean salami?" no, just a single salamus. "um ok, anything else on that?" yes, one pepperonus.
                                                                                           my girlfriend has a seashell tattooed on her inner thigh. if you put your ear to it, you can smell the ocean.
                                                                  how many more spills do you think parents in paper towel commercials can take before they just push one of those kids down the stairs?
                                                                                                                                                         i love kale... just as long as the k is silent.
                                                                                                                                            i love the metric system. it's the best by an absolute 1.6km
                                                                                          what's grey, has four legs, howls at the moon, and eats cement? a wolf. i threw in the cement to make it hard.
                                  this bloke said to me, "tim, as a young boy, was your mother very strict with you?" i said, "let me make one thing absolutely clear. my mother was never a young boy."
                                                             me: one large buttery popcorn please! him: ma'am you have to buy a ticket to get into the movies... me: one large buttery popcorn to go sir
                                                                                                                                            i asked a crow what its favourite apple product was.. "caw!"
                                              i've got washboard abs. as soon as i can find someone with clay-jug abs and someone with jews-harp abs, we can get started on our old-timey-hobo-band abs.
                               i ran into a man today who knew absolutely nothing about anatomy. i had to explain to him that there was a vas deferens between a testicle and penis. edit: fixed "there"
                                                                                                                         best joke on reddit today: &lt;&lt;copy paste here from another website&gt;&gt;
                                                                                                                  i put a huge brown paper bag over this keg. so people won't know i'm drinking at work.
                                                                                                                                                  what's 12 inches long and snaps a cunt? a selfie stick
                                                                                                                                    why are you screaming my name? i'm right here.. having sex is weird.
                                                                                                    my wife was shocked when she came home from work last night. i'd wired the door handle to the mains.
                                                                                                                            "you're not leaving the table until you finish it, young man!" --termite mom
                                                                                                                            if i'm facing away from you during sex, assume i'm quietly enjoying a snack.
                                                                                  three laws of science: 1. if it smells bad it's chemistry 2. if its mushy it's biology 3.if it doesnt work its physics
                                                                                                                                         why does martin luther king like jam? because god bless america
                                                              christmas chimney congestion q: why doesn't santa have any children?a: he only comes once a year -- and when he does, it's down a chimney.
                                                                                                                                            what has caused caitlyn jenner to put on weight? trans fats.
                                                                                                                                        civilization is just one really long and annoying group project.
                                                                                                                              was gonna' make a long joke about gastrointestinal problems but, i digest.
                                                            publisher: mike we can't accept your children's book. it's far too stupid for even the stupidest child. me: it was supposed to be for adults
                                                                                             what did jesus say to all the black people before he died on the cross? don't do anything till i come back.
                                                                                                       my toothpaste says it guarantees whiteness within two weeks.. yet after two weeks i'm still asian
                                                                                                                                                                         three mexicans walk into a bar.
                                                                     today i saw a baby who had put on five stone in weight in two weeks by drinking elephant's milk. whose baby was it? the elephant's!
                                  a british man enters customs at an australian airport. the officer asks "do you have a criminal record?" the man looks confused and replies "no, do i still need one?"
                                                                                                   my penis was once in the guinness book of world records but then the librarian told me to take it out
                                                                         "one mans trash is another mans treasure" is a good quote... but apparently its not the best way to tell your kid he's adopted.
                                                                                                                         a group of prostitutes play wow. i heard that they call themselves the whore'd.
                                                                                                                          q: what happened when the dog went to the flea circus? - a: it stole the show!
                                                                                                     trump will be president until 2020 it would have been 20:15, but the sniper got stuck in traffic...
                                                                         i knew i could convince my wife to get an abortion... all she needed was a shove in the right direction... and a set of stairs.
                                                                                                     it is hard to understand how a cemetery raised its burial cost and blamed it on the cost of living.
                                                                                                                     my doctor told my my stool was loose. i should have warned him about sitting on it.
                                                                                                                                                                  why is 6 afraid of 7? because fuck you
                                                                                                               what do you call a dog that is underwater? a sub-woofer! thank you, i'll be here all day.
                                                                                                                                              24 men sucked off in magaluf. 11 f*cked in belo horizonte.
                                                                                                          me: so what, you're gonna be angry at me for the rest of your life wife: no, the rest of yours
                                                                                                                                       why are there so many trees in harlem? for public transportation.
                                                                                                                 why did the man put condoms on his ears during sex? he didn't want to get hearing aids.
                                                                                                                             if zombies attack i'm heading south, most of those people don't have teeth.
                                                                                                                 why wasn't jesus any good at math? because he always seemed to get hung up on addition.
                                                                                                i was invited to an event that requires causal dress. should i wear a time machine or a syllogism print?
                                                             instead of the death penalty they should make prisoners nice and comfortable and then tell them that the remote control is across the room.
                                                                                 what's the difference between a chickpea and a garbanzo bean? [nsfw] you don't pay $200 to have a garbanzo on your face
                                                           which one is the odd one out; a crab, a tuna, a chinese man run over by a bus or a lobster? a tuna, because the rest of them are crustaceans.
                                                                                                                                                      i like my beer like i like my violence... domestic
                                                                                                                               a man just got a car for his wife. now, thats what you call a fair trade.
                                                              i've had intimate problems all my life. i just can't get close to someone without feeling insecure. you said internet problems? nevermind.
                                                                                                                           to find a prince, you're supposed to kiss a frog. not screw the whole pond...
                                                                 cracked me up when i was 5, still cracks me up as an adult. why do gorillas have such big nostrils? because they have such big fingers!
                                                                                                                                         if violets were orange, poetry would be a lot more challenging.
                                                                                  a man came to my door today, and asked if i would donate to building the community pool so i gave him a glass of water
                                                                                                                                    why doesn't mike tyson play the playstation? because he's an xboxer.
                                                                   why doesn't jesus like m&amp;ms? they keep falling through. if that's not offensive enough, replace it with black jesus and skittles.
                                                                                                              i wonder if fewer people would eat rabbit stew if it was instead called bunny rabbit stew.
                                                                                                                       what do you get if you cross prince phillip and the queen? killed in a car crash.
                                                                                                                why did the chicken cross the road? "because you didn't fucking cook it!" -gordon ramsay
                                                                                 i bet the worst part about being a birthday cake is when you're set on fire, and then eaten by the hero that saved you.
                                                                                            what's the difference between a kindergarten class and an isis camp? i don't know man, i just fly the drone.
                                                                                                                            what's the difference between jelly and jam? can't jelly my dick in your ass
                                                            not sure what my dog thinks i do all day, but based on her excitement when i get home she apparently lives in constant fear i'll be murdered
                                                                                                                                                   what kind of nuts go on your feet? *sigh*... cashews.
                                                                                                                                   85 year old viagra user takes a tumble i've fallen and i can't get up
                                                                                                                                        tupperware: when you want to throw out your food some other day.
                                                                  i'm concerned about my local funeral parlour closing down it's right on the high street, but every time i walk past it's dead in there
                                                                                                     here's hoping 2013 is the year in which i finally fix the bugs in my new time machine. -garydelaney
                                                                                                                                                 there's a sale on deer testicles. they're under a buck.
                                                                                           if at first you don't succeed, try drinking beer while you do it. you'll be amazed at how much less you care.
                                                          i don't believe in stereotypes. because that would mean all asians would be driving big or expensive vehicles to make up for their penis size.
                                                                                                                                                              "just how drunk are you?" - "french toast"
                                                                                                                                                        *walks into a brothel* "yes i'd like some broth"
                                                               find everything ok, sir? everything except happiness! you won't find that at wal-mart! we laughed & laughed until my credit card declined
                                               i asked a beautiful chinese girl for her number. she replied, "sex sex sex free sex tonight". i said, "wow". then her friend speaks: "she means 6663629".
                                                                                                                                how does donald trump adopt pets? he just grabs the first pussy he sees.
                                                               psychologist: let's play a word association game. i'll say a word, you say what springs to mind rainbows me: i hope my ex dies in a fire.
                                                                                                            i want to start a show about businesses in my neighborhood called, "how is it still open??!"
                                                   if there's an upset in the 2018 russian presidential elections, i'll never dine with a russian again. they can't stop talking about going putin-free.
                                                               a vegan, a priest, & a rabbi walk into a bar. the vegan pretty much just blabs on & on about how he's a vegan for the next hour. the end.
                                                                                                                      why didn't the skeleton go for the halloween party ? he had "no body " to go with.
                                                                             hilary clinton will be the first f president of the united states.... i was gonna say female but someone deleted the emale.
                                                                               i made a joke for my dog tonight... why did the cat cross the road? splat *clap my hands*. it didn't!! (my dog loved it.)
                                                                                                              so i hear trump wants to ban shredded cheese. says he's going to make america grate again.
                                                                    anyone looking for a job should consider becoming an elephant circumsiser... ... the pay isn't too great, but the tips are enormous!
                                                                                                                                                         which country has a drug-addicted king? hyrule.
                                                                                                                                       the guy that takes a picture for girls at a club never gets laid.
                                                                                                      suggested thanksgiving conversation starters: "which god are we thanking again?" you're welcome :)
                                                                                                                                                                    "no!" -an a to z guide to parenting.
                                                                                                                                                              what do you call a guy with a shovel? doug
                                                                   russian cosmonauts have been banned from telling jokes on the interational space station... ... because they always involve mir puns.
                                                                                                                                    what's a procrastinator's favorite punchline? i'll tell you tomorrow
                                                                                                                                          what do you call a fascist in an ironic t-shirt adolf hipster.
                                                                                                                                                jesus was obviously white. he even tastes like crackers!
                                                                                                                the first messenger to say "don't kill the messenger" definitely got killed in the face.
                                                                                                                   why are astronauts seen as condescending? because all they do is look down at people.
                                                                                                                                 barber: would you like a hot towel? me: buddy, i don't objectify towels
                                                                                                                           what has four legs and will kill you if it falls out of a tree? a pool table.
                                                                                                                                                        what is helen keller's favorite color? corduroy!
                                                                                                                            why are narwhals so sexually attracted to everything? because they are horny
                                                                                             not every badly unkempt guy is homeless. it could well be that he lives with 3 females and only 1 bathroom.
                                                                                                                                                               what is a gays favorite sandwich a lgblt.
                                                                                                                                                         why do mice need oiling ? because they squeak !
                                                                                     [nsfw] yesterday i gave a surprise bukkake party to my roommate... ...everyone came. you should have seen her face.
                                                                                                                                          what do you call it when you drown a baby in soda? infantacide
                                                                                                                          *wears shoulder pads for the angel and devil on my shoulders *pimps their ride
                                                                                     the first rule of thesaurus club is you don't talk about, mention, speak of, discuss, or chat about thesaurus club.
                                                                 in light of mlk day... african american culture has fought so hard not to have to sit at the back of the bus. but they still do anyway.
                                                                                                                                                               [trying to unhook a bra] *kung fu noises*
                                                                                                                  some people have six packs... i have a keg. my wife, however, has a goddamned brewery.
                                                                                                                                  how do you know you're at a gay barbecue? the hot dogs taste like ass.
                                                                                                                                                  i decided to play agar.io again... now i hate my cellf
                                                                                             quit my job a few years ago because my boss was an idiot. now i'm self-employed. my boss is still an idiot.
                                                                                                                                                                   i was born to be happy... not normal.
                            a man goes to a doctor one day and says... "doctor! please, i need a solution. i have 5 dicks!" "well, that is astounding! tell me, how do your pants feel?" "like a glove!"
                                                                                                                                       ever notice how white women over 40 can't dance without clapping?
                                                          what does a frozen beer, burnt pizza, and pregnant girl all have in common? they all happened because some dumbass didn't pull it out in time.
                                                                                                              why did the american spend an entire winter in a russian hotel? they say he was snowed in.
                                                                                                                    my grandma caught me masturbating and she had a stroke... she has such soft hands...
                                                                                                                               classic how do you make a ice cream man sad? - - - - - - kill his family.
                                                                                                                                                relationship status: we made our marriage counselor cry.
                                                                                                           why are there different species of hyena? isn't every hyena we've discovered a spotted hyena?
                                                                                                              hear about the paranoid guy who stopped using twitter? he said everyone was following him.
                                                                                               i just sat through two hours of jersey shore. apparently the stupid i was born with wasn't stupid enough.
                                                                                                                                   speaking of jokes that aren't funny cut it out with the abortion ones
                                                                                                                    did you hear about the woman who died at an orgy last night? she went down swinging.
                                                                me: don't you see, the treasure is our friendship pirate: ...aye me:  p: i cherish ya me matey but honestly ya misled me a tad didn't ya
                                                                                                                             why is an elephant braver than a hen ? because the elephant isn't chicken !
                                                                                                                                                                 how does moses make coffee? hebrews it.
                                                            the next version of android oughta be called nuts. that way i can tell everyone that they're holding an android with its nuts in their hand.
                                                                   the most canadian thing i ever heard was a secondhand story about a guy getting his toe bit off by a beaver but not telling his date.
                                                                                                                         say what you will about pedophiles... ...but they do slow down in school zones!
                                                                                                                                                               what do you use to buy drinks? bar tender
                                                                                                                               my stalker twisted his ankle, so now i have to walk slower for 2-3 weeks.
            when my wife left, i was sad and lonely so i got a dog, a new motorbike, shagged 2 women and blew a grand on drugs and alcohol. she's going to go fucking nuts when she gets back from work.
                                                                                                                            what do they say when you leave an abortion clinic in germany? al-fetus-zane
                                                                                                                                               what's a blonde's favorite color? a light shade of clear.
                                                                never try to pay a prostitute with chocolate covered ice cream. apparently, there are limits to what someone will do for a klondike bar.
                                                                                                                                                          what's grey and comes in gallons? an elephant.
                                                                                                                                         what do you get when you goose a ghost? you get a lot of sheet.
                                                                                                                                      if we aren't supposed to eat animals, why are they made with meat?
                                                                                        i have somewhere around 300 karma i intend to drop it to 0 by having human-like opinions on the wrong subreddits
                                                                                                                                                             i was going to make a joke... but i fainted
                                                                                so i was applying to be a time machine technician.. there wasn't any openings right now, but there may be in the future.
                                                                                                                          behind every ladybug there's a gentleman bug who is tired of dealing with her.
                                                                                                                   i think the government looks at twitter and thinks 'this is way cheaper than asylums'
                                                                                                                                                                 puns about women are not funny. period.
                                                                                                                                             what did the french skeleton say before he ate? bone apetit
                                                                                                                          i've made many sacrifices to get where i am today. most of them were children.
                                                                                                             life is like toilet paper, you're either on a roll or you're taking sh!t from some @sshole!
                                                                           what do spinach and anal sex have in common? if you're forced to have it as a child, you're not going to like it as an adult.
                                                                                                                            i like my women like i like my m.c. escher paintings impossibly proportioned
                                                                                                                                      why does ariel wear seashells? because she can't fit into d shells
                                                                                                                  facebook is like prison because you write on walls and people you don't know poke you.
                                                                                              so i thought about getting a chinese hooker... but then i realized that i'd just be horny again in an hour
                                                                                                                                                            hey, did you fall from heaven? so did satan.
                                                 dirtiest joke i ve ever heard (sorry if it s a repost) how can you tell when your sister s having her period? your dad s cock starts to taste of blood.
                                                                                                                                                what rock group has 4 men that do not sing? mt. rushmore
                                                                                                                                                          what are cephalopod ghosts made of? octoplasm.
                                                                                                                                                       what does freud like to do with his mum oedipussy
                                                                   [first day as a bartender] customer: gimme a scotch on the rocks me [scrunching towel into glass]: i know lemonade, i can do lemonade
                                                                                                                      what do you call a mexican woman with no legs? consuelo pronounced - cunts-way-low
                                                                                                                             i drop it like it's an expensive electronic device i've recently purchased.
                                                                                           there are two kinds of people in this world. people who say they piss in the shower, and dirty fucking liars.
       cabin fever... a man says to his wife, "can you tell me something that makes me angry and happy at the same time?" she thinks about it and says, "sure. you got a bigger dick than your brother."
                                                                                                                                     sometimes you've got to ask yourself: 'why am i talking to myself?'
                                                                                                                                           why did adele cross the road to say hello from the other side
                                                             what's the difference between a bag of cocaine and a small child? eric clapton would never let a small bag of cocaine fall out of a window.
                                                                                   muslims are against the consumption of pork and believe the pig to be unclean. yet their prophet has ham in his name.
                                                           i would tell you a complicated joke but there is no chance that your incapable human mind has any possibility of comprehending what it means.
                                                                                                                                                             what is a burp? a fart taking the elevator.
                                                                                                                                   do you know a favourite expression used by the gorillas? apesy daisy!
                                                         my redneck cousin is looking for a girl into multiple partners. i told him that was ridiculously cliche... i mean really. cracker wants a poly?
                                                                                                              why was the pig happy when reviewers criticized his story? because they called it garbage.
                                jeffrey dahmer and his mom are having dinner. jeffey's mom looks over at him and says "jeff i don't like your friends". jeffery then replies "you can eat the potatoes".
                                                                                                                                                        hey symphonies, play the main part we like more.
          an original joke about mathew and not-mathew. me:mathew and not-mathew were on a boat. mathew fell off the boat. who was left? you:not-mathew. me:yeah mathew was the one who fell out. idiot.
                                                                                                                             knock knock. who's there? 9/11. 9/11 who? you said you'll never forget.....
                                                                                                            what song do they play at a jehovah's witness funeral? knock, knock, knockin on heavens door
                                                                                                                            burger king needs a new slogan. something like "we clean our bathrooms now."
                                                                                                                                                     wanna hear something really disappointing? too bad.
                                                            it would be funny if, with everyone freaking out about global warming we ended up dying in a good old 60s throwback nuclear war with russia.
                                                                                                                                  what do you tell a gardener with a psych major? i fucking hate my mom.
                                                                                                                                                                 i tried to catch fog yesterday... mist.
                                                                                                                                    whats the best thing about an ethiopian blowjob? they always swallow
                                                                                                                                      how many men does it take to change a light bulb? not all of them.
                                                                                                                                        deep down, we're all that one lady in 7-11 with her bathrobe on.
                                                mr. schneider stood up in court. "as god is my judge i do not owe my ex-wife any money." glaring down at him the judge replied "he's not. i am. you do."
                                                                                                                           why do they keep making tvs thinner and thinner? to keep up with the content.
                                                                                                                   my salad for lunch is missing one key ingredient which would make it perfect. donuts.
                                                                                                                        what did obama say when he called the russian parliament? "are you putin me on?"
            i am the boss, do not forget boss hangs a poster in office "i am the boss, do not forget" he returns from lunch, finds a slip on his desk. "ur wife called, she wants her poster back home."
                                                                                                                                                    what's green and smells like bacon? kermit's fingers
                                                                                                                                   what do palestinian children dream of becoming when they grow up? old
                                                                                                                     did you see how nervous c-3po was in the new movie? i mean he did seem a little red
                                                                                                 what did the psychiatrist say to the man wearing nothing but saran wrap? i can clearly see you're nuts!
                                                                                                                       we could power our entire office with the wind produced from my constant sighing.
                                                                           how many black people does it take to shingle a roof?? one....but you gotta slice him reeeeeaaaalllllll thinnnnnnnnnnnnn.....
                                                                                                        i just got an email offering "free bible verses". you know, because who can afford bible verses?
                                                                what's the difference between a lobster with big boobs and a greyhound bus stop? one is a crusty bus station, one is a busty crustacean.
                                                                                                                  one day isis is going to screw up and accidentally hit 'add your location' to a tweet.
                                                                                                                                       what does the beginning of the german alphabet start with? not z.
                                                                                                                                             yo momma so fat.. ..she has a real horse on her polo shirt.
                                                                                                                                 it is better to be on seventh heaven, rather than on the seventh month.
                                                                                                                                      what do you do with an epileptic lettuce? you make a seizure salad
                                                                                                                                  what did the cop say to the doughnut as he ate it? rest in **police**.
                                                              i think the main issue with 'the hunger games' is that while her life is at stake, boy problems are still presented as legitimate threats.
                                                                                                                                                 i'm only good at math when i'm adding insult to injury.
                                                              ugh my boyfriend's all "stop asking my dad if he likes your underoos" and "stop snap-chatting my mom" and "stop calling me your boyfriend"
                                                                                                         can we all agree the biggest balls belong to the first person to set up a tip jar at starbucks?
                                                                                                                my history teacher found a tampon he's still trying to figure out what period it's from.
                                                                           "better to die on your feet than live on your knees!" cried the revolutionary. "that's what che said," whispered his comrade.
                                                                                                if all the girls who went to my high school prom were laid end to end... it wouldn't surprise me at all.
                                                                  why did all the girls fall in love with the leafy green-blood-sucking-parasite that was full of vitamins? because he was romaine-tick.
                                                                                 ok i won't subliminally ask any more subtraction problems, but i only did it 6 or maybe 3 times. what's the difference?
                                                                      we all knew that jared fogle loves the subway turkey sub... but now we find out he likes to sneak a little salami into the bun too
                                                                                                                    if bird-watching is called bird-watching, what do you cal cow-watching? a steak out.
                                                                                                           have you heard about the new up and coming racially biased dice game? they're calling it nazi
                                                                                                                                      why did the farmer fire the dj? because he kept on dropping beets.
                                                                                                                                                           all i have is blood on my hands now. papercut
                                                                                 why don't the polar bears ever drink diet coke in coca-cola commercials? because bears don't drink aspartame, dumbshit.
                                                                                                                                       *takes call from mom* *puts mom on speaker* *cleans entire house*
                                               new study shows women who sleep more have better sex in average. unfortunately the study was conducted by bill cosby, so the results may be a bit skewed.
                                                                                                                                            why did the baker have brown hands? because he kneaded a poo
                                                   a clairvoyant, palm-reading midget escaped from prison last night. you shoulda seen the headline in this morning's paper..... "small medium at large"
                                                                                                                                                       are you a whore? because you are priceless to me.
                                                                                      try our curry, you'll never get better i don't get what's so funny about it, do you mind explaining it like i'm 5?
                                                                                                                                                                      people who write hai and bai, wai?
                                                               can't wait to say "i haven't seen you since last year!" to everyone i see next week. i'm a very popular person with thousands of friends.
                                                                                                                                                   what do you call a computer smoking weed ? high tech.
                                                                                                                                              what did cinderella do when she got to the ball she choked
 there were two old men... that were sitting on their porch, when a dog comes up and starts licking his dick. one old man said, "i wish i could do that " then the other said, "that dog would bite y...
                                                                                                                                                where did the gay wizard go? he disappeared with a poof.
                                                                                                                what's the worst thing about being a black jew? you have to sit in the back of the oven.
                                  i had my credit card stolen. about two years ago now. i never reported it though. on my first statement, i found that the thieves were charging less than my wife was.
                                                                                                                                                        don't regret doing things, regret getting caught
                                                                                                 you know, you don't realise what you've got until you don't have it. i just ran out of toilet paper ...
                                                                                                                        it doesn't matter how windy it is or how fast you run, dogs make terrible kites.
                                                                                                   what did the russian man say to the boy after he did nice for someone? that was *cher-i-nobyl* of you
                                                                                                                       there are no weapons of mass destruction in iraq, chuck norris lives in oklahoma.
                                                                                                                                     what did the doctor say to the man who couldn't pee? urine trouble!
                                                                                             hope there is a particularly fiery spot in hell for anyone capable of losing a dog in an enclosed dog park.
                                                                                                              how did luke always know what darth was getting him for christmas? he felt his presents...
                                                                                                          what did the aliens say, when they came to earth in search of soda pop? take me to your liter!
                                                                                                 q: what biblical and renaissance characters does hillary most resemble? a: jezebel and lucretia borgia.
                                                                                                                                                    how do you unpoopify water? boil the shit out of it.
                                                                                                  talking about school grades with your parents like... parents: got any a's this semester? me: go fish.
                                                                                           i bought some shoes off a drug dealer... i don't know what he laced them with, but i've been tripping all day
                                                                 how many of those brownies did you eat, private? "all of them sir!" "that was my stash private." "negative sir it was labeled private!"
                                                                  a jewish kid asks his father for sixty dollars. the father replies "fifty dollars??? what the heck to do you need forty dollars for??"
                                                                            what's the difference between a garbanzo bean and a chickpea? i wouldn't pay 300 dollars to have a garbanzo bean on my face.
                                                                                     i saw a couple of adjectives and a pronoun nervously smoking outside court yesterday. probably awaiting sentencing.
                                                                                                                         why shouldn't you buy underwear made in the ukraine? because chernobyl fallout.
                                                                              [looking at wife as firefighters cut me out of baby swing at playground] it doesn't say its specifically for babies, karen
                                                                   on the periodic table, the elements are represented by two groups. the symbols and the atomic number. law and order: atomic mass unit
                                                                                                                                        q: why couldn't hellen keller drive? a: because she was a woman.
                                                                                                                                        what do you call the urge to crack open a cold one? necrophilia.
                                      sorry if you already know this one a hipster, a vegan and a feminist walk into a bar... how do i know? they have already told everybody about 6 times in 5 minutes
                                                                                                                               what goes up a chimney down, but won't go down a chimney up? an umbrella!
                                 ob-gyn my uncle is a very accomplished ob-gyn. he is also incredibly humble, when asked what he does for a living, he casually responds, 'i'm in the cervix industry. '
                                 shaved my 4 month old beard this morning my wife was upset, she said she really liked it. i told her i felt the same, it really grew on me over the last couple months.
                                                                                                                                           you shouldn't kiss someone on january 1st it's the first date
                                                              why do we allow other countries to tag their name on to something and sell us lies when they do it wrong? canadian bacon? english muffins?
                                                                                                                  remember when you used to blow bubbles as a kid? well, he gets out of jail next month.
                                                                                                                          i think lady gaga just puts glue on herself and rolls around on random things.
                                                                                                                                                    what do you call a sexist masseuse? a massage-ynist.
                                                                                                 why doesn't superman like the mummy? because the mummy's always saying, "i'll be in the crypt tonight."
                                                                                                 why obama shouldn't take the penny out of circulation. he said he would bring change, not take it away.
                                                                      men are a lot like shopping carts, when you finally find one without a screwed up wheel, it already has a women pushing it around.
                                                                                                                                          your momma's so black she got counted  absent at night school.
                                                                                     "be there in 5," i text, though i am 30 minutes away, completely nude, and engaged in a fist fight with a neighbor.
                                                                [heaven's it department] ok, i see why your computer's crashing. have you been closing doors again? god: yes, why? too many open windows
                                                                                                                                                            let's make it weird. dont worry. i'll start.
                                                                                                           i love spending time with girls.. its unfortunate i have to do it from a bush with binoculars
                                                                                                          what do you call it when you play nintendo games because you have nothing better to do? ennwii
                                                   hillary clinton says to the devil, "what happened? you promised me that i'd win the election?" the devil replies, "yeah, and you promised me a soul."
                                                                                            a truck driver runs over a woman. whose fault is it? the truck driver's, he was driving through her kitchen.
                                                                              speak, three languages you are trilingual, two, bi-lingual, what do they call you if you only speak one language? american
                                                                                                                                      i cheated in the annual rabbit racing contest..... i won by a hare
                                                                    did you hear about the granny who plugged her  electric blanket into the toaster by mistake? she spent the night popping out of bed.
                                                                                                         shoutout to batman for being a true american and proving the only superpower you need is money.
                                                                                                                                                       how do you confuse an ugly person with an orange.
        a man got knocked out the other day... i said to him "dont worry, i called you an ambulance while you where knocked out" *points* you're an ambulance! you're an ambulance! you're an ambulance!
                                                                                                                                               i hated my job as an origami teacher. too much paperwork.
                                                                                                                              most women who've dated me will tell you i'm about an 8 on the pain scale.
                                                                                           what i don't understand is, how did jabba the hutt become so powerful? he's just a fat, lecherous crook. wait
                                                                                                             why won't arnold schwarzenegger upgrade to windows 10? because : he still loves vista,baby!
                                                                                                                                             did you hear about the temple that burnt down? holy smokes.
                                                                                                                what's the difference between 1998 and 2016? hillary clinton is the punch line this time
                                                                                            "check, please!" - me, at a restaurant begging the waiter to make sure there are no monsters under the table
                                                                                                                                          what's a good example that oil is a bad lubricant? middle east
                                                                           for everyone that works in a restaurant, or uses shredded cheese, don't vote for trump! he wants to make america grate again!
                                                                                                                                                    what's the difference between oooh and ahh? 3 inches
                                                                                                                   today is finally eid! you know what i'm getting for my newborn baby? a first eid kit!
                                                                     told my husband the best way to get help at home depot is to wear yoga pants, but i dunno. it doesn't seem to work as well for him.
                                                            doctor: you've suffered a brain injury. it's affected your hippocampus me:what? lol sorry i was picturing hippos at college. who are u again
                                                            [tv interview] i'm with amy. her house was damaged by the floods, how are you? [cut to amy crying] more liquid is the last thing we need amy
                                                                                                                  the original title for star wars was "skywalker: texas ranger". starring chuck norris.
                                                                                                       i like my beer like i like my women... ...anything goes as long as i'm pounding it with a friend.
                                                                                                                                                 why do bees hum? because they can't remember the lyrics
                                                     my girlfriend told me its time to shave my pubic area.... she said "shave but don't go crazy down there". i told her " ok baby i wont go all nuts".
                                                                                                                                    knock knock who's there ! alfred ! alfred who ! alfred of the dark !
                                                                                                                                                                               i am racist. fuck nascar.
                                                                                                                                            what is an architects favorite movie? angles in the outfield
                                                                                                                                                  someday i'll find a good commie joke... marx my words.
                                                                                                                 why was the guy wearing the fedora upset? because you didn't ask him what band he's in.
                                                                                                                              what's the difference between hard and light? i can sleep with a light on.
                                                                                                       what happened when the chef found a daddy long legs in the salad ? it became a daddy short legs !
                                                                                                                                                         what's brown and rhymes with snoop? ....dr dre.
                                                                                                                                           how does the sexiest man in the world tell a joke? like this.
                                                                                                               what's the hardest part about rollerblading? breaking it to your parents that you're gay.
                                                                                                                                          why doesn't asia wear makeup? because it clogs its singapores!
                                                                                                             what do you call a man with no legs? you call him by his fucking name what's wrong with you
                                                                                    a new study shows that unvaccinated children are less likely to be autistic because they are more likely to be dead.
                                                                             i have to wake up at 3 am tomorrow to go to the airport i've honestly never felt more attacked and victimized than i do now
                                                                                                                                          people with a good sense of humor have a better sense of life.
                                                          "i got expelled" how? "i wrote 2+2=41 on the whiteboard" ok that's dumb but- "so my prof told me to go back up there..." oh no "and rub 1 out"
                                                                                                                                                   how to you make a hormone? you kick her in the groin.
                                                                              my girlfriend hates it when i sneak up on her... according to her lawyer, she also hates it when i call her my girlfriend.
                                                               "i'm gonna make a cool new social media site for college kids, but only for a few years. then it'll be a mom scrapbook" ~ mark zuckerberg
                                                                                                for halloween, i'm going out as "gay wedding" ... ... it seems that billions of people are scared of it!
                                                                                                                      i don't have a horse running in the derby but my money is on sarah jessica parker.
                                                                wife: dave's here husband: dave from work or dave who always wears scarves? me: [from downstairs] i got caught in the ceiling fan again!
                                                                                                                             i get to my doctor appointments 45 minutes late so i can get there on time.
                                                             you always know when your girlfriend is too young for you, when you have to make the aeroplane noise when you stick your d*ck in her mouth!
                                                                                            i want to start a bantu saliva cover band... and call it "click click boom". ^i'll ^^show ^^^myself ^^^^out.
                                                                                                            [nsfw] what is the best thing about gaffer tape ? it turns "no, no, no" into "mmm, mmm, mmm"
                                                                                                                                                  what's the fastest way to kill millions? just swallow.
                                                                                                                                                    i pretend to work as long as they pretend to pay me.
                                                                                               why should you never mess with an angry dysentery patient? they lose their shit over the smallest things!
                                                                                                                               what is the one thing you don't want to hear during sex? honey, i'm home!
                                                                                                                              why do priests have you call them father.. because 'daddy' was too obvious
                                                                                      what is the difference between mosquito and prostitute? one sucks free of cost while the other is paid for sucking
                                                                                                                                                             i'm going to kill myself.... or die trying.
                                                                                                          whats similar between a non alcoholic beer and your sisters pussy tastes right but feels wrong
                                                                                                                                 what's a jihadist muslims least favorite sex position? the eiffel tower
                                                                                                                                                      a button on my car broke... its a pressing matter.
                                                                                                                                          how did the right triangle commit suicide? with a hypote-noose
                                                               "i think i have adhd, doc" why? "i keep forgetting where i parked my ford" that's not- "yeah i keep losing my focus" get out of my office
                                                                                               i don't think santa would be able to visit usa this year! after all, donald trump hates them with beards!
                                                                                                          why should you never watch a movie with a generous nascar driver? he might give away spoilers!
                                                                                                                                      team work is important, it helps to put the blame on someone else.
                                                                                                                     why did the elephant paint his toenails red ? so he could hide in the cherry tree !
                                                                                           the grim reaper walks over to you in his uggs, taps his michael kors watch and says, "you're literally dead."
                                                                                                                                                       "i better pee first." - me, before doing anything
                                                                                                                    i hate barbers more than doctors because i have to live with the shit that one does.
                                                             how many hippies does it take to screw in a light bulb? hippies don't screw in light bulbs, they screw in dirty sleeping bags in the woods.
                                                                                                                            why i un-installed league of legends. to pass my exams, what did you expect?
                                                                                      i used to be embarrassed by my geology fetish. i started off stroking gravel but now i'm feeling a little boulder.
                                                                                                             why was my boss surprised to see me screwing with the it guy? they said it couldn't be done
                                                                                                               i joined a cold war reenactment group. we just sit around and act nervous about the ussr.
                                                                                               trump supporters are so uneducated! now give us that sweet prosperous socialism! *walks onto the highway*
                                                                                                                                                       how does a butcher introduce his wife? meet patty
                i was chatting up this woman. i said, "you're the sort of woman i could introduce to my mum." "aww," she smiled, "can you?" i said, "of course, i'll drive us to the cemetery tomorrow."
                         a rough, hard drinking baseball umpire was upset because he couldn't get his little boy to sit on his lap and talk to him. after all, the son never sits on the brutish umpire.
                                                                                                                                       i cannot take my new pet cat seriously she's always kitten around
                                                                                         i met a girl who was looking hot and i said to her: your temperature is high today,as usual got weird reaction.
                                                                                                           how many dead hooker's in your basement does it take to change a light bulb? well, it's not 4
                                                                                     after placing me in charge of training new employees i can't help but question my companies' commitment to success.
                                                                                                                                                 twinkle twinkle little hoe, name a guy you didn't blow.
                                                                                                                                            if a gay guy gets paralyzed... is he a fruit or a vegetable?
                                                                                                    i can't believe i didn't get an oscar nomination for my performance in, "no, i never got your text!"
                                                                                             twilight drinking game rules: 1) drink 40 shots when you press play so you can die before the movie starts.
                                                            i did it god! i finaly got 2 of evry animal noah.they have to be alive *noah looks at boat full of dead animals* do u kno how long this took
                   nsa's pick up lines: "did you fall from heaven? because there's no tracking data on how you arrived at this location" "i'd tap that" "i know exactly where you have been all my life"
                                                               when i see a couple fighting i like to walk up to the one who's more pissed off and whisper "we can make it look like a suicide" and wink
                                                                                                       do you remember when the most annoying thing on the internet was a dancing baby? yeah, good times
                                                                                                                                          what do you call a man standing up to his knees in water? wade
                                                                                    what do you call someone who does a ba in arts, a ma in english and a phd in gender studies? a well educated barista
                                                                                                                    i've noticed the less open-minded someone is, the more open-mouthed they tend to be.
                                                                                                                   yo mama joke(fnaf2) yo mama is so ugly that even the puppet master was scared of her!
                                                                                                                                                    i like jews how i like my cookies. cooked in an oven
                                                                                           i think my husband is psychic! "honey, what do you think of this outfit?" {from other room} "you look great!"
                                                                                                                                    why did the grocery delivery guy get fired? he drove people bananas!
                                                                                                                                                 so what do you call a busy soviet a russian....yeah....
                                                                                 lottery gives you a 1 in 200m chance of skipping work tomorrow...alcohol is 1 in 5. you play your game...i'll play mine
                                                                                                                           if theres liquid water on mars i dont care about it. im not going to drink it
                                                        i could have sworn i saw spearmint flavored fig newtons at the shop the other day. but it turns out they were just a fig-mint of my imagination.
                                                                                                                             what do you call a thrash can that cant close a thrash cannot (hahaha.....)
                                                                                                                                                   what do you call a digital tree? all bark and no byte
                                                                                                                           what did the bread say before it jumped into the toaster? "i'm bready to die"
                                                             if you smoke a lot of cigarettes & gaze out of a window while your foot is propped up on something you can figure out pretty much anything.
                                                                   from a latin faq q: in latin, when pairing foods with the verb **edo** ("i eat"), what case should you use? a: the om-nom-nominative.
                                                                         what's the difference between a jar of mayonnaise and france? if you leave the jar alone for 200 years it'll develop a culture.
                                                                                                                                               i like my coffee like i like my women... without a penis.
                                                                                                          i made a new mixtape, it was trash until i played it on my new galaxy note 7, then it was fire
                                                                     doctor: "your wife is in hospital!"... me: "...how is she?" doctor: "i'm afraid she's critical". me: "oh, you get used to that...".
                       a scotsman and an irish man walk into a bar and the scotsman shouts "all the drinks are on me!" the next morning the headlines read *"irish ventriloquist found dead behind bar"*
                                                                                     the problem with quotes on #twitter is that... it is so difficult to tell if they are genuine - william shakespeare
                                                                                                                                                         takeoffs are optional... landings are mandatory
                                                                                                               til humans eat more krill than whales. i can't remember the last time i've eaten a whale.
                                                                                                                                               why did the feminist refuse a back rub? too massagynistic
                                                                                        men who talk about how big their dick is actually have a tiny dick. related: i'm hung like an asian field mouse.
                                                                a man walks into a psychiatrist's office covered head to toe in cellophane. the psychiatrist says, "sir, i can clearly see you're nuts."
                                                                                the barber asks bernie sanders "what are you looking to get done today?" "oh, just fuck up the top 1%." "say no more..."
                                                                      wifey: we should get a chest freezer. me: we don't need a freezer that big. wifey: what if we need to hide bodies? me: i love you.
                                                            just got off 30 min phone call w a friend who has twin 2 yr olds, & even tho i havent had sex in a week i'm taking a morning after pill now.
                                                                                                                                      what is a male pirates biggest fear? a sunken chest with no booty.
                                                                                                      you - "have you seen the clown that hides from gay people?" friend - "no?" you - "didn't think so"
                                                                            *intermittently glances at phone while placing order for 6 burritos so the chipotle lady thinks they're for multiple people*
                                                                                                                                  twa airlines flight hostess asks "twa coffe sir?" "i prefer t thanks!"
                                                                 when it comes to gay sex, i think the backwards views of my grandfather are disgusting so i might try missionary style with him instead
                                                                                                                  i can control sheep by just listening to them it's true, i heard them with my own ears
                                                                                                                                           i bought a keg and bagels today. that's what kegel is, right?
                                                                                                            dogs have a tendency to bark just to hear themselves bark. reminds me of some people i know.
                                                                                    be nice to someone for no reason. you never know when you're going to need someone to be nice to you for no reason."
                      a black man enters a bar... with a parrot on his shoulder. the bartender, all surprised and shocked, said; - that's cool! where did you get that? - in africa, replied the parrot.
                                                                                                                     i have the body of a 20 year old model... unfortunately it won't fit in my freezer.
                                                                                               i've been single for a while now and i'm staring to realize something. they blur out a lot of asian porn.
                                                                a college girl sends a text to her bf who doesn't respond "could this night get any worse?" unaware that an alien fleet approaches earth
                                                                                                                                                        my japanese girlfriend had a really bad tempura.
                                                                                      when my kids get too loud in our minivan i simply race over the nearest speedbump to make them bite their tongues.
                                                                       how many legs does an elephant have if you count his trunk as a leg? four. because calling the trunk a leg doesn't make it a leg.
                                                                                            i used to have a fear for speed bumps... but i'm slowly getting over it. edit: why is this flaired as dirty?
                                                                             this headline stunned me- "mars to reduce carbon emissions" until i realized it was the candy maker ... and not the planet.
                                                                  moratorium on the word "awkward." we're all awkward. we fart when we don't want to and that guy/gal over there is cooler. get over it.
                                                                                                                                   why does heaven have such great wifi? because of all the cloud space.
                                                                                                                                 have you seen the new film called constipation? it hasn't come out yet.
                                                                                                                                                  do you know the fat catholic woman? [oc] she has mass.
                   what did the rich bearded slave owner say when he was stranded in the desert and saw a mirage of an arabian lamp and rubbed it? here in my mirage got this brand new labor genie here
                                                                                                                                      hell is an eternity of being sober in a room full of drunk people.
                                                                                                                                  news flash: vandals destroy street signs they pulled out all the stops
   a panda walks into a restaurant and orders a sandwich... after finishing his meal, he tries to pull out a gun, but the owner shoots him dead because he's seen this joke on /r/jokes a hundred times.
                                                                             careful, the circular motion you make with your hand to tell someone to roll down their car window is giving away your age.
                                                                                                [nsfw] i asked my roommate if she would suck my cock after i cleaned it... the dirty cocksucker said no!
        a man comes home to his wife "honey," he says, "pack your bags. i just won the lottery!" "that's amazing! what should i pack?" "i don't care. just pack your bags and get the fuck out of here."
                                                                                                                             have you heard about the guy who posted about a mod's cousin? once removed.
                                                                                                                                           what do you call a dolphin that is out of the water? dolphout
                                                                                                   if you ever need help learning c++, i can give you some pointers. and you can keep me as a reference.
                                                                                                                                    what do you get when you drop a piano on an army base? a flat major.
                                                                                                                                                          sarcasm so good, they think you're being nice.
                                                                                                             how many lawyers does it take to grease a  combine? only one if you run him through slowly!
                                                                                                  why did the computer scientist die in the shower? the bottle of shampoo said, "lather, rinse, repeat."
                                                             i was absolutely disgusted when a gay guy came on to me at the bar. after kicking his ass out the door, i went for a towel to clean it off.
                                                                                        yes, i've been in love before. i've also had salmonella poisoning and you don't see me running back for seconds.
                                                                         how did the explorer react when the which doctor turned him into a miniature ballsack? he was a little testie! bump dump pshhh!
                                                                                                          knock knock who's there? abby. abby who. a bee has stolen my wallet. (i will show my self out)
                                                                   "two messages, sir. first, your tea has run out" "correct english is 'you've run out of tea'. what else?" "you've walked out of wife"
                                                                                                                                       escalator literature. a step by step guide to reaching new levels
                                                                                                                   maybe the titanic really was a ship of dreams... and its dream was to be a submarine.
                                                                                               "so, do you play any instruments?" me: *slaps knees for 30 minutes straight without breaking eye contact*
                                                                                                          there are three kinds of people in the world, those who are good at math and those who aren't.
                                                                                        how do you the difference between a blond man and a blond woman? the blond woman will have a higher sperm count.
                                                                                                                       i just lost my virginity to a retarded girl i wanted my first time to be special.
                                                              if you can't handle me getting arrested in my pajama pants at walmart than you don't deserve me buying produce in my yoga pants at target.
                                                                                                                                               what's a ghost's favorite sexual act? booooooooooooookake
                                                                                                                    what did the metaphysicist say when he came out of the bathroom? shit just got real!
                                                                                                                   when my girlfriends says.. "people think that.." - *people* is often her friend lisa.
                                                                                                                                    why didn't barbie get pregnant? because ken came in a different box.
                                                                         if i heard matthew mcconaughey only drank water out of a garden hose attached to the side of his house, i'd totally believe it.
                                                                                                                             she died doing what she loved: running for her life in the wrong direction.
                                                                                                                           i thought i saw an octopus but it was just 8 eels kissing a butternut squash.
                                                                                                                                                     most of the 1800s was spent painting chubby chicks.
                                                                                                       i would be completely shocked if i ever won the lottery. mainly because i don't play the lottery.
                                                                                       i recently read that love is entirely a matter of chemistry. that must be why my wife treats me like toxic waste.
                                                                                                                                  i wasn't dropped as a baby, but i've been making up for it ever since.
                                                                                                                                                                           knock knock ...... come in...
                                                                                                                                             a donkey fell into a bowl of sugar. now that's a sweet ass.
                                                                                                  what's the difference between chris brown and a tesla? the tesla gets fewer battery charges in a year.
                                                                                                                                                                we get it, cacti, you have great biceps.
                                                         a desert sorceress was eating a pb&amp;j in the sahara when she was buried in a sandstorm a sand witch eating a sandwich was sandwiched by sand
                                                                                                                         hey dad, i got a question for the sex with my girlfriend can you stop doing it?
                   a gross joke which is better to listen to, than to read. - what is the difference between diarrhea and a regular stool? you can't [gbrblblblbl](gargling noise) with a regular stool.
        a father takes his son fishing son: dad, can you teach me how to catch fish? dad: sure, son! first you throw the clickbait into the water son: what next? dad: what happens next will shock you!
                                                                                                                                                you should've seen my bad spelling. that shit was [sic].
                                                                                                                                             my tribal name is sleeps in the river... i was a bed-wetter
                                                                                                                                            how do you clear out an iraqi bingo parlour? call out "b-52"
                                                                                                              did you hear about the pessimistic man who was missing a chromosome? he was a real downer.
                                                                                what do you call the international program that helps clowns with their personal space problems? clowns without borders.
                                                                                                                                           my farts are so strong..... i can make bubbles in the shower!
                                                                     accidentally ran over my neighbor's cat today and i was scared to tell him to his face so i left a note saying "curiosity was here"
                                                                                                                                  what's a difference between a oral and a rectal thermometer? the taste
                                                                                                                                               what time does sean connery attend the wimbeldon? tenish.
                                                                                                                                                                  why does reddit hate fencing? ripostes
                                                                                      necessity is the mother of invention, and the wife of bill. bill is the only one in the family with a normal name.
                                                                                                                                        there would be no evil in the word..... if satan had life alert.
                                                     how many sorority girls does it take to change a lightbulb? seven. one to change it, two to take pictures, and four to make t-shirts for the event.
                                                                                                                 men get more attractive with age. women...well they just let you put it in more places.
                                                                                                                            why don't people like gay soccer players? they score against their own team.
                                                                                                                                                  i'm 'confuses systems of measurement' centimetres old.
                                                                                                                                                 what did the upset horse use to row his boat? a saddle.
                                                                                           when people with bible quotes in their bio follow me...i don't know man. i think you're gonna have a bad time
                                                                                                                                               knock knock who's there ! clay ! clay who ? clay on sam !
                                                                                                                            i'm not worried about the third world war. that's the third world's problem.
                                                                                                                         my doctor said i had 2 months to live so i shot him, the judge gave me 30 years
                                                                                               i recently met an indian baker who claimed to be socially rebellious he called himself a naan-conformist.
                                                                                                                                   a and c were going to prank their friend... ...but they just letter b
                                                          when i get on facebook i get excited when i see the red numbers over the globe thing until i open it and find it is for a stupid game request.
                                                                                               did you hear about that really successful scarecrow? he is well known for being outstanding in his field.
                                                                                                                                  turning on a hotel shower: making you feel mildly retarded since 1947.
                                                                                                         can you believe they're still together after all that crap?!? (who?) my buttcheeks!!!!!!!!!!!!!
                                                                   the way to a man's heart is through his stomach. unless he's a vegan  then i'm pretty sure you can just get there through  his p*ssy.
                            amazon asked me to write a review amazon asked for feedback on the used telescope i bought from their site. i was honest with my review: "this telescope sucked. two stars."
                                                                                                                                          why can't clocks keep secrets? because, time will always tell.
                                                                                             <-----will never confess the actual number of house cats he's forced outdoors when the owner wasn't looking
                                                            general contractor: don't worry ma'am, everything will be ready, we'll have the scaffolding set up and erected. me: *mutes phone* hahahahaha
                                                                    shit old people google: 1. dubstep 2. skrillrex 3. hashtag 4. dtf 5. steampunk 6. pinterest 7. linsanity 8. scarlett johansson naked
                                                                                                                                          what do you call a middle eastern moving company? pack-it-stan
                                                                                                                          did you hear about the vampire at the circus? he went straight for the juggler
                                                                                                                                 what did the bra say to the hat? go on ahead i'll give these two a lift
                                                                                                                                             when i read something can improve digestion... that's shit.
                                                                                                                                                                 what's that eminem song where he's mad?
                                                                                                                                        open up. this is the police. thank you. can we use your bathroom
                                                                                                                                                           what do you call a racist police dog? a kkk-9
                                                                                  denial, anger, bargaining, depression, and acceptance: the five stages of me hitting the snooze button in the morning.
                                                                           watch my lesbian friend gave me a timex for my birthday. i don't think she understood me correctly when i said i wanna watch.
                                                                                                                                         i like my penises like i like my pizzas large with extra cheese
                                                                                                                          how did the dog get into the locked cemetery at night? he used a skeleton key.
                                                                                                                                                   i'm scared of french pancakes they give me the crepes
                                                                                                                                                what do you call a homosexual black male? spear sucker !
                                                                                                                                  the life of a dog living on the street is... ...ruff, ruff-ruff, ruff!
                                                                                                                                          how do you spot a blind guy in a nudist colony? it's not hard.
                                                                                       my phone doesn't auto capitalize the 'g' in god but it auto capitalizes the 'k' in kevin. so now i worship kevin.
                                                                                                                                              what did the stupid ghost do? he used to climb over walls.
                                                                                joe jackson is the first father in history to successfully beat the black out of his son. http://i.imgur.com/abziown.jpg
                                                                                                                                                        what did the rock say to the other rock? im hard
                                                                                                                                          what did one ocean say to the other? nothing, they just waved.
                                                                                                  6 yo: *yells* mom! i'm on level 18!!!! me: *peeks in room* page 18, princess. you're reading. 6 yo: oh
                                                                 "sleep tight and don't let the bed bugs, snakes, spiders and rugby players bite." how aussie parents tuck their kids into bed at night.
                                                                                                                                                                               this just in. my fingers.
                                                                                                                                            how do you stop a mexican tank? shoot the people pushing it.
                                                                                                                                 what do you get when you cross an elephant and a rhino? hell if i know!
                                                                                john: we need a new word for foolishness tom: how about johnfoolery lol john: ok that's definitely what i'm writing down
                                                                                                       guess who's still together after all these years and all the shit between them! your butt cheeks.
                                                        a bird pooped on my head today...am i gonna die? i mean, i'm kinda worried about getting sick from it but mostly i hope this made someone's day.
                                                                                                                                                       how will trump deport the mexicans? juan by juan.
                                                                                                         help is a magic word. say it to people & watch them disappearing from the horizon of your life.
                                                                   [ouija board] "spirits are u there? i a m h e r e. y o u w a n n a t a l k? y o u w a n n a h a n g o u t? [squints] "a needy board?"
                                                                                                          you know what they say about guys who don't remember their circumcision... ignorance is briss.
                                                                                                                 my chemistry teacher went on a camping trip and died... he was exposed to the elements.
                                                                                                                                                        what does a vegetarian zombie eat? graaaiiiiiins
                                                                                                                                                                    i double majored in tv and burritos.
                                                                                                                                                  sleep with too many rich people and you can get herpes
                                                       well it's that time of year again when the 80 a week i invest in child maintenance finally pays off by providing me with a pair of fucking socks.
                                                                                                                                    what did the policeman say to his belly button? you're under a vest!
                                                                                                                                                                        tifu and by i, i mean ellen pao.
                                                                                                       [for enemies] you know the difference between you and i? you came out of your mom. i came in her.
                                                                                              if the main character of "the walking dead " spared every human, would he be called... ... pacifist rick ?
                                                              dress for the job you want, not the job you have. better yet, dress for jobs that don't even exist. werewolf psychiatrist. clown assassin.
                                                                                                      reeva steenkamp deserved to be shot she shouldn't have been using the disabled toilet. jimmy carr.
                                                                                                                      everybody is a little weird, except you and i... ...and i'm not so sure about you.
                                                                                                       what would north korea be renamed to if it was taken over by a scandinavian dictator? norse korea
                                                            my birth control is my 5yo running around in circles at 5am screaming "i have so much energy! i have so much energy! i have so much energy!"
                                                                                                                                                                  my 2015 new years resolution 1920x1080
                                                                                       a cop just knocked on my door and said that my dogs were chasing people on bikes. my dogs don't even own bikes...
                                                                            me at a wine tasting: *swirls glass* *sniffs* *sips slowly* *stares off into the distance* ...ah, yes. this is in fact wine.
                                                                                                                                     i made half a cup of tea the other day... it was so nice i had two.
                                                                                                  i like my women like i like my ice cream... smooth, pale, cold, and recently extracted from a freezer.
                                                                                                                                      why was saint peter so good at basketball? he denied jesus 3 times
                                                                                                                                                    why did the baker rob the bank? he needed the dough.
                                                                                         documentaries not only expand my world views, but also compel me to change my behavior for a solid 24-36 hours.
                                                                                                                                 a horse walks into the bar... the bartender asks: "why the long penis"?
                                                                                                                           why do parents feel the need to hold your phone when you show them a picture?
                                                                                                                                                   what does a rapper use to write their songs? word,yo.
                                                                                                    what's the difference between america and a yogurt? after 200 years a yogurt will develop a culture.
                                                                                                                                            i don't get scatological humor. that shit isn't funny to me.
                                                                                                                                                      is it legal for a man to marry his widow's sister?
                                                                                                                                                      why do mexicans like spicy food? it induces labor.
                                                                                                                        did you know isis has its own sex toy factory? there specialise in blow up dolls
                                                                   i want to take one of those cruises where people shit right there on the boat but apparently they only happen randomly as a surpris,e
                                                                                                                                             what did the zero say to the eight? "nice belt, fuck face."
                                                                                                                                              what do you call a deer with one good eye? a good idear...
                                                                                                        boss: why do you have rashes every time you get your salary? employee: i am allergic to peanuts.
                                                                                                                                       roses are red, violets blue, open you're legs a few hours or two.
                                                                                                       what's the difference between a firstborn prince and a baseball? a baseball is thrown to the air.
                                                                       what do woman and kfc have in common after the breast and the thigh there is nothing left but a greasy box to stick your bone in.
                                                                                                                          i'm gonna be so pissed if i die in the middle of an argument i'm about to win.
                                                                         what's the difference between sarah palin's mouth and vagina? only some of the things that come out of her vagina are retarded.
                                                              batman stands high on a ledge over gotham... "this is high. how did i get up here again? this is fun, i'm fun. i'm dressed up like a bat."
                                                                            apparently saying "if you think your wife is fat now, wait till she has the baby" is not a good way to congratulate someone.
                                                                                              ever heard of a sex position called a 71? its a 69, and each partner puts a finger up their partners butt!
                                                                                                   me: um, i specifically requested mary. bloody carla: listen, do you want your eyes clawed out or not?
                                                                                                            what did neil armstrong say when he was offered another trip to the moon 'i'm over the moon'
                                                                                                                           yea autocorrect....i wanna luck your puddy and flick you in the asks. perfect
                                                                             judge: how do you plead? guy: well usually to my wife judge: haha i feel ya brother, bailiff please fist-bump the defendant
                                                                                                                     i'm not saying i hate you, but i would unplug your life support to charge my phone.
                                                                                                                                 i hope the meteorite crash in russia doesn't affect the price of vodka!
                                                                                                                                   if at first you don't succeed, you're assembling furniture from ikea.
                                                                                                                                                     what did mr. burns bring to the pot luck? egg_salad
                                                                                                    people say i'm bad at delivering jokes... which is why i'm not the delivery boy for domino's anymore
                                                                                                                             i went to a drag race yesterday it's amazing how fast men can run in heels.
                                                                                                                                         what do you call a sexually active spaghetti? fetishini alfredo
                                                                [at crime scene] detective: you need to take this seriously me: i am *picks up leg bone* me: i found this humerus. lol. d: you're fired.
                                                                                                 why do female drivers sit higher up in their seats than male drivers? because they're sitting on a box.
                                                                                  i just poured myself some iced tea. i could have sworn i heard one of the beers in my fridge whisper "what the f*ck!?"
                                                                                                       q: how many arians does it take to change a lightbulb? a: none: arians aren't afraid of the dark.
                                                                                                                                                  probably the biggest joke of all my fucking existence.
                                                                                                                               did you hear about the movie with the red tractor? the trailer was better
   what's the difference between php and pcp? one makes you: * feel numb * see things that aren't there * panicked and paranoid * feel loss of control over your actions. the other is a synthetic drug.
                                                                                                                                       q. what does chaos stand for? a.the chiefs have arrived on scene.
                                                                                                                                                        my girlfriend is like my self-esteem i have none
                                                                           cheesy joke what did the big cheese round say to the baby cheese round? getting older isn't going to make you the big cheese.
                                                                                                                                                                    when is a one not one? when it's too
                                                                                                         i beat my wife at dominos the other night. she needs to learn that i choose the pizza toppings.
                                                                                                      what's the difference between love, true love and showing off? spitting, swallowing, and gargling.
                                                                 guy with tons of blacklights around his apartment: hey come on in! guy who likes to rub cat urine all over himself: ummm. nah i'm good.
                                                            my home security system is a nerf sword by the door. my liquor cabinet has a retina scanner, 3 pit bulls & my 7th grade lesbian gym teacher.
                                      whenever my parents talk about the good old days' they always seem to stop at 1979. which is pretty cool, because that's also the year i was born... wait... what?
                                                                   pupil: my teacher was mad with me because i didn't know where the rockies were. mother: well next time remember where you put things!
                                                                                                                               why are lesbians superstitious? because they are always knocking on wood.
                                                                                                                                                    what do crocodiles serve at dinner time? death rolls
                                                                                       from my handwriting identification skills. i have carefully deduced that santa is my secret valentine every year.
                                                                                                        after i die, i want someone to periodically log in as me so it looks like i'm haunting facebook.
                                  a blonde walks into a bar yelling, "65 days!" a guy asks her, "what's in 65 days?" the blonde replies, "i completed the puzzle in 65 days! the box said 2 to 4 years!"
                                  greece announced they are going to default on their nearly 1.8 billion dollar loan who would've thought the country that invented the philosophy major would be broke?
                                                                                                          blind date tip: in the middle of dinner throw a surprise punch to see if they are really blind
                                                                                                                             how do you get your girlfriend to stop smoking? slow down and use some lube
                                                                                                                                 did you hear about the dyslexic, homosexual rooster? dude'll do a cock!
                                                                                                                                                          how much money do porn stars make? a fuckload.
                                                                                                                                    what is a twip? a twip is what a wabbit takes when he wides a twain.
                                                                                                                                                               ask your doctor if left is right for you.
                                                                                   "lifehack" is now just synonymous with "action." "a great lifehack for becoming a doctor is going to medical school!"
                                                                                                                  what's the worst kind of joke? clickbait. edit: added a space which triggered someone.
                                                                 i've got an uncle rube. i mean he's really my mother's sister's roommate's friend's hairdresser's step-dad, but the effect is the same.
  on the bus i was sitting on the bus and this super hot thai girl gets on and sits next to me i think to myself "please don't get a boner, please don't get a boner, please don't get a boner" she did.
                                 when looking at the list of the best 10 presidents of the last 150 years obama's name really jumps off the page. because it knows it sure as hell doesn't belong there.
                                                                                                                                          how does harry potter get down a hill?.....he walks jk rowling
                                                                                                                                       - baby, i can't sleep. - and it was pissing you off that i could?
                                                                                                                         why did the feminist accuse her teacher of misogyny? because he'd d graded her.
                                                             rape jokes aren't funny. ask a rape victim if they think rape jokes are funny. they'll say no. not like that ever did them any good though.
                                                                                                                                      if it weren't for edison... ...we'd be watching tv by candlelight.
                                                                                                                                                                   how do people in wheelchairs propose?
                                                                                                                                 i sold my vacuum the other day... all it was doing was collecting dust!
                                                                                                          what do you call a redneck virgin? a 13 year old girl who runs faster than her older brothers.
                                                                                                 alien 1: "did the humans get our message?" alien 2: "yeah, but they named it dub-step and dance to it."
                                                              date: what kind of work do you do? me: i dabble in real estate [dad yells down the stairs] she visits open houses and eats the free cheese
                                                                                             to me bernie sanders is more like god it is not the guy i have problem with but the fan club freaks me out.
                                                                                                                                       sure, i could agree with you.... buy why should we both be wrong?
                                                                                                                                          why is there a sudden influx of vacuum jokes? they really suck
                                                                                                                                                  *goes to the park* *spoon feeds red bull to the ducks*
                                                                                   i've seen people tear a phone book in half with their bare hands & i just had to use scissors to open a bagged salad.
                                                                                                                                         first guy to do anal was very popular... he was much sod after.
                                                                                          i like my men like i like my packets of instant oatmeal: chunky and knowledgeable with facts about dinosaurs."
                                                                                                          i buy my son a hot chocolate so after he quits burning his mouth i know mine is safe to drink.
                                                                                                                                                  what sways from side to side? jesus on a rubber cross!
                       a priest and a rabbi were walking down the street... when they passed a little boy. the priest leans toward the rabbi and says, "lets's fuck him!" the rabbi asks, "out of what?"
                                              know what "buffet" stands for? big ugly fat fuckers eating together. credit: this loud big ugly fat fucker drinking a few tables away from me at this bar.
                                                                                                                    why did frosty the snowman pull down his pants? he heard the snow-blower was coming.
                                                                   bear grylls lies on the floor at starbucks peeing into his own mouth, "this is literally the only way to survive in this environment"
                                                                                                                           was told to fuck bitches and get money. all i got was charged with bestiality
                                                                                         dear people of the world, i don't mean to sound slutty but use me whenever you want. sincerely, proper grammar.
                                                                                         just found a hilarious message in a bottle on the beach. i decided it needed to be rt'd, so i threw it back in.
                                                              me: have you ever heard of the movie "constipation"? you: um.. no me: thats because it hasn't come out yet!! lelelelelelelelelelelelololol
                                                                                                                         two guys walk into a bar you think the second one would be smart enough to duck
                                                                                                           what's the difference between a pizza and a bass player? the pizza can feed a family of four.
                                                                                                                                                            how much cum can a gay guy make? a buttload!
                                                                                         did you hear about the man who ate nothing but  oats every day? he fell in love with the grand national winner!
                                               a man and a woman get into a lift man says to woman "can i smell your feet?" "no!" the woman says in disgust "must be your vagina then!" replies the man.
                                                                                                                    what do you get when you inject human dna into a sheep? banned from the petting zoo.
                                                        my new telly is brilliant, it shows 50 frames per second. i managed to watch the whole of the snooker world championships in less than a minute.
                                                                                                                      thinking it's a not a good thing when the pizza delivery guy knows my dog by name.
                                             irish car bomb yanks have a cocktail called an "irish car bomb", but if you stuck two flakes in an ice cream cone and called it a 9/11 they'd get offended.
                                    the gang's all here a horse, a blonde, a redneck, a priest, a rabbi, and the president all walk into a bar. the bartender asks, "what is this, some kind of a joke?"
                                                                                                                     there are two kinds of friends: 1. friends with benefits 2. friends with potential.
                                                                                                                                        what did leonardo dicaprio say when he planted a seed? inception
                                   atom bomb two rednecks read the paper: the government spent 10 billion $ on a new&amp;improved atom bomb. one of them says: "please god, let it drop in my back yard"
                                                                                       q: how many waiters does it take to change a light bulb? a: none even a burned out bulb can't catch a waiters eye
                                                                                                                                                      i have a rape joke. never mind, it's a bit forced.
                                                                          i called my doctor and told her i have an erection that's lasted longer than 4 hours. we're meeting for drinks in 30  minutes.
                                                                                                                                keep calm and stop making different versions of that "keep calm" poster.
                                                                                                                         what is similar about a twitch mod and an a reddit mod? &lt;message deleted&gt;
                                                                                                               what's the similarity between hellen keller and a sad pirate? neither of them got to sea!
                                                                                                                                                                 a dyslexic man ... ... walks into a bra
                                                                                                                                                             what's a redditor's favorite color? m'genta
                                                                                                                                                                      why are cliffhangers always hated?
                                                                                                        what is the definition of disappointment? running into wall with a boner and breaking your nose.
       what if they had a call center where they call you everyday with a mission to make you laugh? but instead of a call center, they called it a lol center! so much lol, that it will make you fall!
                                                                                                                                                                                      "that's what" -she
                                                                                                                                       what is a suicide bomber's favorite tv show? the big bang theory.
                                                                                   what's a pirates favorite letter? if you said "r", you'd be wrong. you might think that it is "r", but it be the "c"!
                                                                                                                                 you do understand "tan" and "orange" are 2 very different colors right?
                                                                                            iphone changed miles to milf's but the good news is my dad thinks i only have 177 left to go until i'm done.
                                                                                                                                                    true intimacy is chatting within a shared google doc
                                                                                                                                           why can't steven hawking perform comedy? he can't do stand up
                                                                                                                                                       where do nieces and nephews come from? aunt holes
                                                                               why are clothes so expensive???? i should not have to pay this much to not be naked. people should pay me to not be naked
                                                                                                                                     pessimist had not sex for a long time optimist had sex but long ago
                                                                                                                        walmart calls them self checkouts, i call them i might not pay for some of this.
                                                                                                      how can you tell when your girlfriend is getting fat? she starts fitting into your wife's clothes.
                                                                                                                                  i ripped my pants and had to sew them back up. britches love stitches.
                                                                                                                                                why couldn't the bike stand on its own? it was two tired
                                                                                                                              what is the mountain's favorite tri-cep workout? (spoilers) skull crushers
                                                                                                      the holiday season is coming up. every year i make my parents something. i make them disappointed.
                                                                                      i was disappointed after i won the grand prize on the game show last night. it was for a year supply of calendars.
                                               my mate was devasted when a stunning syrian lady stopped messaging him on a dating site . i told him don't worry there's plenty more refugee's in the sea
                                                                                                       i woke my wife one night and said "the force is awakening." she replied, "not tonight hand solo."
                                                                                                                         how come there are no jared fogle jokes on reddit? no i mean it im just asking,
                                                                                                                                                   what bird can write underwater? a ball-point penguin!
                                                                                                                 what did the math book say to the pencil? i see your point; i've got a lot of problems.
                                                                                                     december 26th is the sad day where i have to take the christmas tree behind the garage and shoot it
                                                                                                                                             the battery level on my phone pretty much dictates my life.
                                                                                              hey, waiters, write down my fucking order. if you're trying to impress people how about don't be a waiter.
                                                                               i'm not saying i did terrible things last night but satan just woke up on my couch and he won't make eye contact with me.
                                                                                                                      why does a chicken coop only have 2 doors? if it had 4 it would be a chicken sedan
                                                                                                                                               q: how's your visit in north korea? a: can't complain ...
                                                                                                            sometimes i get take out sushi and eat it at an aquarium just to remind the fish who's boss.
                                                                                                               nobody suspects that you're digging a grave when you're always working on your landscape.
                                                                                                                                                         "on my way" i said, pretending to drive my bed.
                                                                                              me: off to adult school recess! boss: it's called lunch.. me: *runs by dribbling basketball with two hands
                                                                                                                                             what do you call five black people having sex? a threesome.
                                                              "don't kill it!" my friend pleaded for a spider's life inside. so i carefully trapped it in a cup, brought it outside, then stomped on it.
                                                            let he who is without sin cast the first stone. who threw that? gary, was that you? don't act innocent, i know you download music illegally.
                                                                                                                                         why do americans hate knock knock jokes? because freedom rings.
                                                                               a celebrity is someone who works hard all his life to become known and then wears dark glasses to avoid being recognized.
                                                                                        is #gohomeindianmedia really trending? can we respond with #nopleaseyoukeepthem or #okfinewhereelsecanwesendthem
                                                                                                           "it's so hot outside..." "...that i poured mcdonald's hot coffee on my lap just to cool off."
                                                                       after months of trying to find a job... ...my mate has recently found work in making chess pieces. he starts next week on nights.
                                                               when i get fired, i assume they are going to show me a hidden-camera montage of me flipping off my boss and customers behind their backs.
                                                                                                                                            good news for insomniacs only 3 more sleeps till christmas!!
                                                                                                                            i have the attention span of a... have i ever told you how much i like porn?
                                                                                                                                                      how did hitler tie his shoesies? with little nazis
                                                                                            *pulls up pants* oh, you said annual review. well, this is embarrassing. but just for reference, how'd i do?
                                                              [shark tank] an armadillo clock that rolls away so you gotta get up to turn off the alarm sounds dum- it's called the alarmadillo omg sold
                                                                                                                 mexican and black jokes are all the same... once you've heard juan, you've heard jamal.
                                                                                                                                              why do they eat snails in france? they don't like fastfood
                                                                                                                                   i cheated on my drug test, with a younger, more attractive drug test.
                                                                                what does a syrian refugee and an american abortion have in common? white people didn't allow them to come into the u.s.
                                                                   when i enter a bathroom stall, i close the door, sigh with relief, and loudly say, "this is it. this is where i'll start my new life"
                                                                                                                 what happens when you cross a grown kitten, a donkey, and a champion? a cat-ass-trophy.
                                                                                          did ya hear about the guy who got his hand caught in the printing press? he's in all the papers. ...ba-dum bum
                                                                                                                               if hitler made a microphone company... ...it'd be called "the third mic".
                                                              i've heard they've started holding races for the cure where the participants are actually cancer patients... ...balderdash, if you ask me.
                                                            the reason ipad has no camera is that there's no way to take a good pic while laughing at how goofy you'd look using it as a big ass camera.
                                                                                               there was once a doctor who tried to prove that mainly blood was kept in bones, but alas it twas in vein.
                                                               pizza delivery guy showed up. gave me 3 pizzas, and had me sign the credit card receipt. i gave him a $500 tip. i didn't order any pizza.
                                                                                                            the tachyon leaves. the barman says "we don't serve your kind here." a tachyon enters a bar.
                                                                                                                               how can you tell a rabbit from a skunk? a skunk uses a cheaper deodorant!
                                                 my 4 yr old asked if i was sick, i said "yes, please ask mommy to bring me the sudafed"... my wife walks by me and says, "why do you want soup in bed?"
                                                                                                   me: you wanna have sex tonight? gf: i'm not in the mood babe. me: hold on a second. i'm on the phone.
                                                                                                                                          whenever i tell someone i'm russian they tell me to slow down.
                                                            the sign at the mcdonald's i just passed says "we hiring" in case you're wondering what kind of qualifications you need to have to be hired.
          my grandfathers joke is so appropriate today. "do you know where they send all the baby chickens that are orphans and have nowhere else to go?" well of course they send them to foster farms!
                                              i like my women like i like my building 7. going down for no reason. that's a conspiracy reference that 9 out of 11 people don't get. it's an inside joke.
                                                                               flipped over my therapist's writing pad and it was just a new york times crossword with "shut up" written in every blank.
                                                             just built a kite that'll hold my cat. figured if a mouse helped discover electricity then my cat & i should be able to unlock time travel.
                                                                                   i like languages that pronounce all the letters in their spellings. no secrets, just each word an open faced sandwich
                                                                                                                                                  what's white, but has a black asshole? the whitehouse.
                                                                                                                       i hate mosquitoes, they're like nature's version of a jehovah's witness..........
                                                                                                                                                                who is the commander of cheese? sargento
                                                                                                                                                       what's a gambler's favorite time of day? 10 to 1.
                                                                                                  it took me 6 months to finish a puzzle.. ..which i think is amazing considering the box said 2-4 years
                                                                                                                                               what do you call a judge with no thumbs? justice fingers!
                                                                                                                                               how do you kill a hipster? drown them in the main stream.
                                                                                                                 which author do the gorillas love  most? joh steinbeck - who wrote 'the apes of wrath!'
                                                                                                                       why do people think saint stephen was a marijuana addict? he was stoned to death.
                                                                              the red man lives in the red house, the blue man lives in the blue house, then who lives in the white house? the black man
                                                                                                                                                   why did the emo kid leave the bar? it was happy hour.
                                                                                                                  why can't hellen keller drive? she's a woman.... no, seriously, it's cause she's dead.
                                                                                                                           what happened after the man borrowed a sad movie from his friend? he lost it.
                                                                                                                              q: why can't chinese barbecue? a: because the rice falls through the grill
                                                                                      so i saw a fireman smoking outside the station and i thought, 'i wonder how many cigarettes are started by fires?'
                                         german math if a train leaves berlin travelling east at 30kph and another train leaves munich travelling south at 25kph. how many jews can be killed in 5years?
                                                                                                       why'd sally fall off the swing? because she had no arms. ` ` knock knock, who's there? not sally.
                                                            wait. i'm not cool cuz i'm home on a weekend night? you mean my home i own? with no landlord, neighbors or...parents? wow, i'm such a loser.
                                                                                   q: why did the bass player get mad at the  timpanist? a: he turned a peg and wouldn't tell the bass player which one.
                                                                                                                                                what is shakespeare's favourite snack? hamlet du fromage
                                                                                                                                               why are trumpets more expensive than clarinets? brass tax
                                                                                                             why there are so many avenues in france? because german soldiers like to march in the shade
                                                                              in "captain sully", technically speaking, tom hanks did not fly a plane on to the hudson river that was falling with style
                                                                                                                               lazy is a strong word. i prefer to say that the stars are reaching for me
                                                                                                                                        not to sound like a broken record, but moooon rivrivrivrivriver.
                                                                                                                                are you looking forward to the olympics? i am, they're going to be dope.
                                                                                                                                                       what do you call a gassy greek? a fartin' spartan
                                                                                                                             how much do my arms have to weigh before i can be considered heavily armed?
                                                                                                                  i was once a man stuck in a woman's body. i'll never mistake superglue for lube again.
                                                                                                                                                               which musician is the most generous? cher
                                                                                                  i don't think playing catch with the kid was the problem so much as the fact that i kept dropping him.
                                                                                                                                                   what do they do for the 4th of july in england? sulk.
                                                                                                                                                tifu by climbing into a german u-boat whoops. wrong sub.
                                                                                                                      why do space rocks taste better than earth rocks? because they are a little meteor
                                                                         a girl who lives hundreds of miles away texting you "i'm drunk" is like a lasagna texting you from italy saying "i'm delicious"
                                                                   me: wanna see my cat's shed? friend: lots of cats shed. why would-- [my cat enters wearing a tool belt] cat: show him the gazebo, too
                                                                                         came with our christmas cracker q: did you hear about the man who stole the advent calendar? a: he got 25 days.
                                                                                                                                                          so i have this black friend. ... just kidding.
                                                                                                    how does a jewish mother change a lightbulb? "no, that's all right. i'll just sit here in the dark."
                                                                                                        how do you know when a movie is going to be shitty? there are more than 1 snl cast members in it
                                                                                             it is odd, isn't it, that to get rid of penis enhancement emails .. .. i have to send them to the junk box.
                                                                                             good neighbors never bother you. great neighbors don't call the cops when you pass out naked on their lawn.
                                                                                                                    me: how are you? co-worker: *gives 20 minute dissertation on their gastro infection*
                                                             jesus: today im going to walk on water judas: no dont-- [jesus walks onto ocean. entire ocean turns to wine. all ocean life dies instamtly]
                                                                                                                a liberal wins the powerball! millionaires and billionaires aren't so bad now after all!
                                                                    instead of going to couples therapy, married people should just join tinder and see what a nightmare single people have to deal with
                                                                         after a long day at work, i like to spend time at home with my liquor cabinet oh and my wife i guess and that thing that poops.
                                                                                                     i am not fake. i am not a parody. i am the lord thy god, king of the universe, you cosmic dipshits.
                                                                                                                                             what did putin say to ukraine after invading? crimea river.
                                                                                               so an outstandingly goofy and silly monkey farts and backflips to a store with fruit. he's going bananas!
                                                                                                                                                 what is the first symptom of aids? pounding in the anus
                                                                                                                                    what did the magazine say to the comic book? boy, do we have issues!
                                                            my neighbour has been playing the bongos for over an hour, and i thought he was meditating until i heard him sing "yeah, shake that shit..."
                                                                                               what do you call a fast country? i ran. which one is faster? rush sia. how about d fastest? e jeep. no? k
                                                               food network makes me feel like a perv: beat it it's not moist enough my wrist is tired look how thick it's getting it's all about flavor
                                                                            no clean tupperware today, so i brought my yogurt to work tied up in a condom. no longer allowed to use the employee fridge.
                                                                                                                           her: do you watch desperate housewives? me: no but i follow a few on twitter.
                                                                           yes, i am aware pigs are more intelligent than dogs. why would i want to eat an inferior animal and absorb its lesser powers?
                                                                            *ouija board begins spelling* h-a-v-e_s-o-m-e "ooooh, spooky" g-r-a-n-d-c-h-i-l-d-r-e-n "dammit grandma, haunt someone else"
                                                                     1816: a grizzly bear ate my mom as she fetched drinking water. 1916: i'm in a muddy trench, bleeding internally. 2016: im offended!
                                                                                                                                           how do you prevent 9/11? make it a malaysian airlines flight.
                                                                                                                     boys: i may not have the biggest boobs, but i sure do have the right number of 'em!
                                                             fried potatoes mashed potatoes baked potatoes twice baked potatoes potato chips -if bubba grew up on a potato farm instead of a shrimp boat
                                                                                               the writers for the office have drifted out of touch with modern office life. nobody is employed anymore.
                                                                                                                                           what joke has recieved the most upvotes on reddit? redditors.
                                                                               so a masochist meets a sadist... the masochist yells out "hit me! hit me!" the sadist smiles, looks at him and says "no."
                                                                                                                            you think you know all about fractions... but you don't know the half of it.
                                                                                                                     what's a pirate's favourite letter? you'd think "r", but his first love be the "c".
                                                                                          everytime i close my eyes, i think of you... 'cuz damn..it's sooo black just like you, nikah! --- i'm sorry...
                                                                                                 why do trumpler supporters think he's honest? he told them he would be "fourthreich" and they misheard.
                                                                                                                                     what do you get when you cross menstruation and apples? the maxipad
                                                                                                                        apparently, women in muslim countries can't drive. they can't do it here either.
                           why you don't ask grandma sex questions i asked my grandma if she ever tried 69. and she said, "no, but i have done 53 -- that's all the sailors i could screw in one night."
                                                                                                                                                      why was the web server down? mary jane dumped him.
                                                                                                                                                 can i ask you two questions? ok, what's the second one?
                                                                                                            there was a sixth spice girl named pumpkin spice but she only sang about uggs and instagram.
                                                                                        did you hear about the guy that was hospitalized with several plastic horses in his ass? his condition is stable
                                                                                                                                           the inventor of puppets must have been really fucking lonely.
                                                                                                                     what do men and mascara have in common? they both run at the first sign of emotion.
                                                                                                                                       i may not be fred flintstone, but i bet i can make your bed rock.
                                                                                                bonnie tyler is performing a concert in greece next month. she'll be singing her classic. i need a euro.
                                                                                  bad news is i'm not fluent in starbucks. good news is i ordered a skinny latin, and marc anthony is a real sweetheart.
                                                                             i like my women like, i like my coffee illegally imported from an exotic location, and purchased amorally like a commodity.
                                                                                                                   you say you want to bring me back to reality. you're assuming i've been there before.
                                                 my girlfriend said she will leave me unless i stop pretending to be a hotel... i said, 'but you can never leave!' 'you can check out anytime you like'.
                                                                                                                                                          what's the best thing a midget can catch? air.
                                                                                                                                                               i can't believe i shaved my toes for this
                                                                                          my dad never really loved me as a child i can't really blame him though ; i wasn't born until he was an adult.
                                                            replace his deodorant with a glue stick so he thinks of you every time he tries to raise his arm to put around the shoulders of another girl
                                                                                                                                        where do alcoholics get their breakfast pastries? drunken donuts
                                                                                                                                    why did the raisin go to the police? because, he was a grape victim.
                                                                                                                                                           green lantern that name has a nice ring to it
                                                                                                                                                                             thank you 2015 for... bees?
                                                                                                 "like, 2?" - someone in a decision-making position when asked how many outlets a hotel room should have
                                                                                                                           q: what do a telephone and a dog have in common? a: they both have collar id.
                                                                                                                               this man's dad was an atheist. told me he was a god damned mother fucker.
                                                                                                                                           why did the little girl fall off the swing? she had not arms.
                                                                                                                                  what do you call a bird of prey born in the 00's. a millennium falcon.
                                                                                                                                          your cat doesn't love you. if it were bigger it would eat you.
                                                                                                                                    i use to worry i was a nihilist... but then i realized i don't care.
                                                                                                   what's the worst thing about eating vegetables? putting them back in the wheelchair when you're done.
                                                                                                                                               why are ghosts bad liars? you can see right through them.
                                                                                                                             i'm at my classiest when my date rips my bra off and cookie crumbs fall out
                                                                                                                       the largest city in the world is... dublin. because it keeps on dublin and dublin
                                                                                                                 if you don't swear when you're driving, you aren't paying enough attention to the road.
                                                                                                                     wives are like boats. happy the day you get one. happier the day you get rid of it.
                                                                                                                                                                               the sun's probably asian.
                                                                         my name is bjorn and i used to live in california i was bjorn in the u.s.a. i was bjorn in the u.s.a. i was bjorn in the u.s.a.
                    til the uss colorado made nearly 12,000 career dives during wwii- significantly more than most modern submarines- and sunk the last japanese warship of the war! sorry, wrong sub :(
                                                                                                                              what do you ask when an indian comes up in a conversation? "dot or no dot"
                                                                                                                                       why do they use liquid soap in the navy? takes longer to pick up.
                                                                            i was thinking about donating some money to my local hospital... but then i realized they'd probably just spend it on drugs.
                                                                  i don't know or care about anything, unless i'm currently reading, or have read in the past 3-5 minutes, a think piece on the subject.
                             a therapist and his client play a word association game and the therapist asks, "what's the first word that comes to mind after the word 'pork'?" ...he responds, "u pine."
                                                                                                                                                  why was the paralysed man uncool? because he was lame.
                                       anti-jokes does anyone have any good anti-jokes? i'll go first! q:what's sad about four black men in a cadillac driving off of a cliff? a:*they were my friends.*
                                   with all the news about bristol palin's pregnancy, i can't help but think abortion may have been the right answer... her grandmother probably regrets not having one.
                          two breasts two 80-year-old breasts are in a sweater with no bra. one says to the other, "if we don't start getting some support for our cause, people will think we're nuts!"
                                                                                                                                                     what do you call a pregnant air hostess pilot error
                                                                                                                 period! how can you tell the romanian woman was on her period? she was wearing one sock
                                                                                                                                                 whats the biggest cause of child molestation sexy kids.
                                                                                                                                             i tired playing soccer but i couldn't get a kick out of it.
                                                                                                                                                      my boss told me to have a good day so i went home.
                                                              me: damn girl your new selfie is awesome but isn't it a bit late to zombiefy yourself? her: what's zombiefy? me: ...your hair looks great!
                                                                  [hospital front desk] "yeah my wife is here for weight loss surg-" *wife hits me* "baby delivery, i mean she's here to deliver a baby"
                                                                                                                                             why can't java programmers see well? because of the eclipse
                                                                                    need a last minute valentine's day gift for that special lady? why not give her the timeless gift of my phone number
                                                                                                                                i wanted to bake you a bundt... but i was stopped by anti-caking agents.
                                                                                                                              why does it smell bad when you destroy fans? because you're breaking wind.
                                                                                                                                                          what's ron jeremy's favorite shape? erectangle
                                                                                                                                 statistics. studies show that almost 213% of statistics are inaccurate.
                                                                                                            brother: the godfather is on? that's not very thanksgiving-y. me: well, it's about family...
                                                                                                                                 the overspray from my windshield washer fluid just totaled a smart car.
                                                                                                                        what's the best part of having alzheimer's? you get to meet new people everyday!
                                                                                  my 4 year old thought it was pretty cool that simba could do whatever he wanted after mufasa died. this is concerning.
                                                                                                                                            girl:want to have a good time guy:sure girl:for you its free
                                                                                                                                 "ice, ice, baby, vanilla, ice, ice, baby." - worst cocktail recipe ever
         help!!! i've just spunked all over my mother's chest by accident whilst she was asleep. if she finds out, she's going to go fucking crazy. anybody know how to clean cum off antique oak wood??
                                                                                i'm not saying he's a gold digger, but he certainly did not hold back when i took him through the mcdonald's drive thru.
       i work in a popular hotel... i see people come in to stay from all over the world, yet for some reason i've never seen a native american here. i guess they just don't like to make reservations.
                                                                                                         knock knock who's there ! amelia ! amelia who ? amelia a package last week - did you get it ? !
                                                                                                                    my wife said she'd leave me if i didn't stop eating pasta now i'm feeling cannelloni
                                                                                                                                           what's the opposite of christopher walken? christopher reeve.
                                                                                                                    what was the first mention of soccer in the bible? when jesus went up for the cross.
                                                                                                                          what's the term for when the pool breaks during water birth? a midwife crisis.
                                                                                                                 why haven't you ever seen a hippo hiding in a tree? because they are really good at it.
                                                                                                                                     fire destroys bloodmobile; blood bank trying to b positive about it
                                                                         i got a ticket for bandaging a cat's broken tail a cop pulled up and gave me a ticket for retailing pussy in a residential area
                                                                            what happened when hitler fell off his skateboard, and the wound got infected? he said "now i have to cleanse my germy knee"
                                                                                        what do you get when you cross a rock climber with a tsetse fly? nothing. you can't cross a scaler and a vector.
                                                                                                                                                    who does polyphemus hate more than odysseus? nobody.
                                                                                      my friend told me i wasn't the sharpest tool in the shed. i told him i'm not a tool or in a shed. sure showed him.
                                                                                                                       they now have an italian airline that flies out  of genoa. it's called genitalia.
                                                                                         school in canada makes non-vaccinated students stay home to halt the spread of measles. better safe than sorry.
                                                                if you play titanic backwards it's about a guy who rises from the sea, bangs a ginger and tries to throw her over the railing of a boat.
                                                                                                    so i organized a threesome last night! ...there were a couple no shows, but i really enjoyed myself.
                                                                                                                               2-year-old: dad? me: what? 2: are chickens real? me: 2: me: no one knows.
                                                              when i was younger i wanted to rule the world. now i just want to spell words close enough that autocorrect can figure out what i'm saying
             my boyfriend asked for a nude pic (nsfw) my boyfriend asked for a naked picture. i asked him if he wanted to see tits or ass. he responded "surprise me" so i sent him a picture of my dick
                                                              secret agents asking citizens to please speak more clearly in all phone calls. also, cut the chitchat and get to the good stuff, they ask.
                                                                                                                          when i was a kid we were so poor... i had to jerk off the dog to feed the cat.
                                                               whenever i get to a restaurant and they say there is a wait i say "do you know who i am?" because while i wait i like to be introspective
                                                                                             what is the difference between a japanese person and a cannibal? one eats ramen and the other eats raw men.
                                                                                                                                                   if you ever come across a fork in the road pick it up
                                                                         we should be using all the time technology frees up to expand language, not shorten it. instead of 'prolly' try 'probababably.'
                                                                                                                                             how many mexicans does it take to change a lightbulb? juan.
                                                            never understood the desperation behind placing ur order in english at kfc/mcd. heard a guy practicing his order while sanding in the queue.
                                                                                       amd should make a self-driving car... ...because they specialize in creating things that don't come with drivers.
                  appreciation speech i'd like to thank my arms for always being by my side. my fingers, i can always count on them, and the sidewalks for keeping me off the streets i'm here all week.
                                                                                                                                                    what is reddit's favorite airliner? virgin airlines.
                                                                                                          i went to the zoo the other day... the only animal they had was a small dog. it was a shih tzu
                          i asked my wife what women really want and she said "attentive lovers"... ...actually she might have said "a tent of lovers", i don't really listen to her needs and opinions.
                                                                                                                           would you like to know the best way to avoid drama? just stop going to plays!
                                                                                           did you see the story about the missing dolphin? i'd tell you more about it but there's really no porpoise...
                                                                                                                                                        i used to be addicted to soap but i'm clean now.
                                                                                                                        how did the santa lawn ornament feel the day after christmas? he was de-lighted.
                                                       a blonde and a brunette is sitting on a bench. out of nowhere, the brunette says: look! a dead bird! the blonde gazes up into the air says where?
                                                                                                   did you guys hear that donald trump met with the bilderberg group? they are the buildawall group now.
                                                            watching a kristin stewart movie. she's being chased by ppl who want her dead. the cheese stick i'm holding has a more frightened expression
                                                                                                                                        two drums and a cymbal fall of a cliff... ...ba-dum chhhhhhhhhhh
                                                                                                                        what is bruce lee's favorite beverage? wataaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
                                                                  my girlfriend asked me if i wanted to reheat the leftover turkey from last night's nye dinner. i told her i quit hot food, cold turkey
                                                                                                                  our dog runs away so much, i'm just going to spray paint our phone number on her side.
                                                                                                                                        what did the boy with no legs and arms get for christmas? cancer
                                                                                                                                                how to capitalize on a bad situation. on a bad situation
                                                                                                                                        why do women have legs? so they don't leave a trail like a slug.
                                                                                                       if hitler were a black supremacist english teacher what would the holocaust be called? white-out.
                                                                                                                    what do you get when toss a hand grenade into a french kitchen? linoleum blownapart.
                                                                                                                                     shock me once, shame on you. shock me twice, that's just revolting.
                                                                                                                girl are u my neighbor's wifi? cuz u have a stupid name and im having trouble connecting
                                                                                                                                                     bigamy is having one wife too many. so is monogamy.
                                                                                                                     the plus sign could not stop taking cocaine. i guess you could say he was add-icted
                                                              today, apple is announcing to the world that millions of baby boomers still don't know how to rip mp3 files from their record collections.
                                                                                                                              andreas lubitz. is the first german pilot to record 150 kills in 70 years.
                                                                                                                  donald trump had a great inauguration speech it sounds like he putin a lot of practice
                                                  a chef, a clockmaker, and a thief walk into a bar, but the bartender says he doesn't get the joke. they all say, "it's okay, these things take thyme."
                                                                                                         i went to a nice cuban restaurant last night, i say restaurant but it was more of a castro pub.
                                                                                                                                why is santa always so jolly? he knows where all the naughty girls live.
                                                                                                                                            "you wanna play the rape game?" "-no!" "-that's the spirit."
                                                                                                                                                 what did the pineapple say to the coconut? pina colada!
                                                                                                          women have a wonderful instinct about things. they can discover everything except the obvious.
                                                                          didja hear an lgbt singer just came out with a cover of that santana grammy-winner from a few years back? it's called "brooth"
                                                                                                        how many software engineers does it take to change a light bulb? none, it is a hardware problem.
                                                                                                  i hate buying feminine products! how am i supposed to know if this is the right kind of broom or not? 
                                                                                                                                      why didn't the schizo cross the road he was in two minds about it.
                                                                                                                              my wife wants to go see the suffragette movie. but she doesn't get a vote.
                                                                                                                                what does priest stand for paedophile representative in every small town
                                                                                                                                                    how much does a dead elephant weigh? a skele**ton**.
                                                                                                                           what did the priest say to the altar boy who liked chickens cock-a-diddle-you
                                                                                                                                                  why did at&amp;t have the worst wedding? no reception.
                                                                                                    what will melania trump say to mexicans if her husband becomes president? hello from the other side.
                                                                                                                    did you hear about the man who opened a yacht showroom? sales went through the roof.
                                                                                               why wouldn't the bird let her chicks go near the pig pen? she didn't want the pigs eating shredded tweet.
                                                            "a car i've never seen before just parked outside. we're gonna die can you hear me jesus christ you're not listening to me i said..." - dogs
                                                            isn't it so weird when you're thinking about someone and then they suddenly appear?... anyway, my sister in law just caught me masturbating.
                                                                              *bank* 'miss, it says here that your debt is outstanding' *twirls hair* oh yeah? well i think your debt is pretty cool too
                                                                       if your wife is a school crossing guard, you're missing a huge opportunity if you don't tell people she's into human trafficking.
                                                                                                                                             what is called when a woman gets a sex change? addadictomy.
                                                                                                                              who will take the second shot in this pool game? find out after the break.
                                                            if u are nervous about public speaking, no need to picture the audience naked, just realize they will be on their phone ignoring you anyway.
                                                                                                                                   broke up with my girlfriend today on the other hand i met this chick.
                                  we played the guessing game mom: what did you do at school today? mark: we played a guessing game. mom: but i thought you were having a math exam? mark: that's right.
                                                                                                                           what's a latino pornstar's favorite flavor profile? umami. (ooooooooh, mami.)
                                                            *cat lays on my leg* *i remain perfectly still for hours, so she won't leave* *i move half an inch* *cat buys bus-ticket for next town over*
                                                                                          what's the difference between a prostitute and oreo? april fools ya dumbitches!! there's no difference at all.
                                                              wife: whatya doin? me: i fixed the toilet so i'm adding potty fixer to my resume w: you mean plumber? m: do i look like a house scientist?
                                                                                                                       why did david cameron fuck a dead pig, anyway? the live ones wouldn't hold still.
                                                                                                                                                   why did the ox fall down the hill? it was an oxident.
                                                                                                                                                if i get married all my bridesmaids are going to be bats
                                                                                                                                                   a friend asked me, is there a black greek god?.. nike
                                                                                                                         a marijuana plantation was set on fire witnesses claim a dragon is responsible.
                                                                                          how do you find will smith in the snow? i don't know. just look for the fresh prints! ha ha.  he's also black.
                                                                                                                         whoever decided on spelling "biscuit" really needs to get their shuit together.
                                                            this is your brain *an egg* this is your brain on drugs *egg in frying pan* this is your brain skateboarding *egg on a skateboard* haha nice
                                                                                                                                                            tifu with my girlfriend... ...she was on top
                        a new word for your vocabulary electile dysfunction : the inability to become aroused over any of the choices for president put forth by either party in the 2012 election year.
                                                              wife: you changed the sheets?! [flashback to me eating nachos in bed after she told me not to and getting cheese everywhere] me: surprise!
                                                                                                                                          how do you post a fish? you send it cod ... or first bass mail
                                                                                                                the bartender says, "hey we don't serve neutrinos in here!" a neutrino walks into a bar.
                                                             hot chick at the bar just said that she's gonna do something stupid tonight... ...i informed her that i only had a 1.75 gpa in high school.
                                                                                                                  why did steve hate being the youngest clone? because all his genes were hand me downs.
                                                                                                                                                           what kind of thief steals meat? a hamburglar.
                                                                                                                                     i tried to stop cussing for like five months... but i said fuck it.
                                                                                                                                                         imagine how trendy the clothes are at new navy.
                                                                                                  [nsfw]what is in common between broccoli and anal? both feel bad as adult, if you're forced as a child
                                                                                                                                                                 grammar nazis have typo negative blood.
                                                                                                                   witnessed the birth of my cousin's first child... she said we should've used a condom
                                                                                                                                             what do you call your ex-girlfriend from baltimore? old bae
                                                                                                                         a man comes into a bar no, wait, it was a horse. so a man comes into a horse...
                                                                                                                            why can't hillary clinton be called a female? because she deleted the emale.
                                                                          when my boss is in town, i set out pictures of kids on my desk. they aren't my kids but he'd never fire a mom of seven, right?
                                                                                               [lions watching a romantic comedy about humans] why doesn't he simply mount her with no apparent warning?
                                                                                                                                                       how many calories does avoiding eye contact burn?
                                                                                                              i wouldn't create a palindrome for a klondike bar. but i'd... murder for a jar of red rum.
                                                                                    think of a number between 0 and 20 add 32 to it. multiply by 2. subtract 1. now close your eyes. it's dark isn't it?
                                                                                                                         what would you get if harry potter tried to kill darth vader? *a vader cadaver*
                                                                            this hotel i'm staying at tomorrow lists "elevators" as one of its amenities. i never thought i'd fly this close to the sun.
                                                                                                                                   there's been a toothpaste scandal. the press have called it col-gate.
                                                                                                                                                 i knew you were trouble when you said you didn't drink.
                                                                                                                                        what do you call a terrorist cowboy? a jiiiiiihadist. not sorry.
                                                                                                                                   i always scroll to see how long an article is before i don't read it.
                                                             took a while, but i finally found the perfect background pic to update my desktop with. so yeah, totally carpe'd the shit out of this diem.
                                                                                                      there was a mass shooting at the gap store this afternoon. they're still counting the casual tees.
                                                                                                         i just tried to kill a spider with hairspray. he's still alive, but his hair looks outstanding.
                                                                                                   i was looking for hours for my thread on reddit.. turns out i was browsing with the popular filter :(
                                                                                                                                          jared fogle was 994.4 terabytes short of being a petaphile ayy
                                                                                                                                                             so a bunch of women were playing basketball
                                                                                                                              when should a mouse carry an umbrella ?  when it's raining cats and dogs !
                                                                                                                                                  what a common problem with r/jokes and fedex? delivery
                                                                                              if your partner makes you sleep closest to the door, you are either the protector or bait for the zombies.
                                                                            i have a tree joke you might like to hear but most of us would be sycamore. (tree jokes need to be spruced up in my opinion)
                                                                                        [courtroom] judge: have you been up before me? convict: i don't know, judge. what time were you up this morning?
                                                                                                            why was wwi so short? because they were russian... why was wwii so long? they were stalin...
                                                                                                                                                    what do you call a fat japanese bloke... jackie chin
                                                                                                          "that damn lassie said timmy fell down a ruffruffruff" "relax, honey. i'm sure she means well"
                                                                                                                           two fish in a tank. one says to the other... **how do you drive this thing?**
                                                          brussel sprouts are like anal sex. if you were forced to have them against your will as a child, chances are you won't enjoy them as an adult.
                                                                                                                       why do cannibals make suitcases out of people's heads? because they're headcases.
                                                                                      what do you call a deer with no eyes? no-eye-deer (no idear) ... what do you call a deer with no eyes and no legs?
                                                                                                                                                                  which war was the hungriest? viet-nom.
                                                                                                             is kamagra safe? http://www.kamagracheaper.eu/index.php?route=blog/article&amp;article_id=3
                                                                call me crazy but you can't follow, star, retweet, and trophy me and then act surprised when i show up to your house in a wedding dress.
                                                                                                                                    what is michael j fox's favourite song? shake it off by tayler swift
                                                                                                      steven tyler is quitting american idol after two seasons! i sure am going to miss that old lady!!!
                                                                                                                                             *squats down to look for food in the refrigerator* fitness.
                                                                                                                  a gardener fell from grace and forgot how she once was. so she went back to her roots.
                                                                                                   why donald trump doesn't ask money from people? who can give a small donation of one million dollars?
                                                                                              no shirt, no shoes, no service waiter: ahem *points to sign* me: oh that's fine, i'm not ordering anything
                                                                                                                                  how many polaks does it take to come up with heliocentric theory? one.
                                                              if you say "starbucks" in the mirror 3 times, a girl in yoga pants will appear, steal your hoodie and tell you the best things about fall.
                                                                                                                                 "dad, why are there no jews on jupiter?" "because its a gas planet son"
                                                                                          what did tony abbott do when he heard denmark had surplus wind power ? cut funding for wind power in australia
                                                         at school, i saw my principal walking around in a daze. i asked him what happened, and he just looked at me and said, "i've lost my faculties!"
                                                             the security camera at work has "too many instances" of me acting like a dinosaur on film. and "any amount" is "too many." according to hr.
                                                                                                                               what do you call a feminist that eats really, really fat cows? a cannibal
                                                                                                                                      just got out of a 13 month coma just in time to see my child born!
                                                                                           stop sending toys to children in africa it's gotta be depressing, getting a tamagotchi that will outlive you.
                                                                                       what's the difference between a hippie chick and a hockey team? a hockey team takes a shower after three periods.
                                              i really want to make a joke about luis suarez but i don't want to upset liverpool fans.f*ck it. why is luis suarez a c*nt? because he lives in liverpool.
                                                                                                                                       i'm too old to still be "getting too old for this." i've arrived.
                        a guy walks into a bar... the patient then exhibited signs of a concussion and a minor subdermal hematoma. edit: yes, a version of, "a guy walks into a bar... and says 'ouch'."
                                                                                                                                             what's a grammar teacher's favorite dessert? synonym rolls!
                                                                                            i'm like the packaging on a cd really hard to get off but it doesn't matter because no one wants you anymore
                                                                                       i have a polish friend who does microphone tests for bands. i have a czech one two. czech one two. czech one two.
                                                                       how many x does it take to change a lightbulb? f(x), where f(x) = the optimal number of x for establishing a humorous stereotype.
                                                            found my cat reading to kill a mockingbird. i told him that it didn't actually involve killing birds, but he said he liked courtroom dramas.
                                                                   for those of you who try to build a pool by digging a pit in the ground, what liquid should you add instead of chlorine? holey water.
                                                                                                                                                            statistically... 9/10 people enjoy gang rape
                                                                                                          how many light bulbs does it take to change a man? just one, if you put it in the right place.
                                                                                                                            knock knock who's there ! conga ! conga who? conga go on meeting like this !
                                                                   i need a joke. i need a quick joke to tell dennis tomorrow. he always tells me a good one and i want to hit him back with a good one.
                                                                                                                                              what do you call two brown people in a sleeping bag? twix.
                                                                                                                 teacher why did the teacher get glasses? because she was having trouble with her pupils
                                                                                                    oh man, i've got this mate thats addicted to drinking brake fluid. he thinks he can stop at anytime.
                                                  an even cornier joke one stalk of corn said to the other stalk of corn, "hey, can i tell you something?" the other stalk of corn said, "i'm all ears."
                                                                                                    what do a gay man having sex and a pom pom have in common? they're both poofs on the end of a stick.
                                                                                                                                               did you hear lance armstrong lied the ball of some people
                                                                                                 why did the cowboy have a brown moustache? cause he was lookin' for loooove in alllll the wrong places.
                                                                                                                                                                                        margaret sanger.
                                                                                                                                a nigger a spic and an arab walk into a bar. the arab blows them all up.
                                                                                                                      they should really replace, "i now pronounce you man and wife" with "finish him!!"
                                                                                                                  parenthood teaches us that "blue's clues" and "booze cruise" sound alike for a reason.
                                                                      goldfish 911: what's ur emergency? goldfish: i forgot goldfish 911: forgot what? goldfish: who is this? goldfish 911: i don't know
                                                                                              so i asked my roommate why life was so hard... (nsfw language) he responded, "how else would it fuck you?"
                                                                                                                                               sixteen sodiums walk into a bar... ...followed by batman.
                                                                                                                                                                                     to do list: 1) you.
                                                                  i wonder why nobody told forrest gump's mom that all you have to do is flip over the box of chocolates and it tells you what's inside.
                                                                                                                         i took part in an erection competition over the weekend i made it to the semi's
                                                                                                            stop me if you've heard this one: when is a door not a door? *when it's been blown to bits!*
                                                                                                                                          i just ate raw chicken fingers and then i threw up gang signs.
                                                                                                                                                         my girlfriend is a midget and i'm nuts over her
                                                                                                                           what is the most commonly used phrase at a gay bar? can i push your stool in?
                                                                                                                       it's a bad idea to eat the meat from the female cows. that would be a miss steak.
                                                                                                                              what do you call a centaur that can't get a blow job the headless horseman
                                                                      every time you talk to your wife, you should remember that 'this conversation will be recorded for quality and training purposes.'
                                             what's the difference between getting the girlfriend pregnant and locking your keys in the car? how pissed your wife gets when you explain the coat hanger.
                                                                                                                                            if i cuold time travel i wouldn't have dropped out of school
                                                                                                                                           i love my wife and you can too for the low price of $14.99!!!
                                                                                                                            hey, are you bb-8? (harmless spoiler) coz i'd like to fix your antenna (   )
                                                                   you know what cats don't like? blow dryers. you know what's funny? pointing your blow dryer at your cat. anyway, i lost an eye today.
                                                                                                 why would i donate 2 to save a kid's life? i'd rather spend that 2 on a condom to prevent a kid's life.
          a party was held for current and former actors where you had to come as your favourite musician. when arnold schwarzenegger was asked what he was going to wear, his response was i'll be bach
                                                                                                               why don't math majors like to drink alcohol? because they don't like to drink and derive.
                                                                                                                 when someone describes themselves as a "foodie" i automatically assume they shit a lot.
                                                                                                                                 what did the predators say before they went hunting? let us prey first.
                                                                                                           the discovery channel is filming a new series about my ex-wife. it is called deadliest snatch
                                                                                                                                 do you want to know a good jewish wine? ma, when are we going to miami?
                                                                                                                                                what is the pope's favorite breakfast? eggs benediction.
                                                                                                                 apparently you can survive just by eating plants. that's something i haven't herbivore.
                                                            detective: did your husband have any enemies, ma'am? wife: well, the cat next door never really liked jim, and that always seemed a bit odd.
                                                                                                                             what's the difference between wendy's and windows? wendy's is never frozen.
                                                                                        a sandwich walks into a bar. a sandwich walks into a bar. the barman says: "sorry, we don't serve food in here."
                                                                                                                                         i've been friends with my recliner the longest. we go way back.
                                                               invisible man a nurse says, "doctor, the invisible man is here for his three o'clock." the doctor says, "well, tell him i can't see him."
                                                                                                                      what do you do if an elephant comes through your front door? swim towards a window
                                                                                                  boy: dad , is a mermaid girl or a fish ? dad : well son that depends weather you are horny or hungry .
                                                                                                     a lier, crook, and murderer walks into a bar.... the bartender asks, "what'll it be, mrs. clinton?"
                                                                                                                  there are plenty of fish in the sea. sometimes you just need a really big fishing rod.
                                                                                                  i got this "breathe" tattoo because i don't have a central nervous system and it's a helpful reminder.
                                                              eating a banana. thought i should tell you. twitter seems concerned about women getting enough potassium. but... why can't i use my teeth?
                                                                                                                             "this looks like an open and shut case!" a police detective buying luggage.
                                  someday i'll open a store that specializes in bedside furniture. the name of the store will be "one" i figure it'll be the only way i'll ever have a "one nightstand."
                                                                                                                                                               why can't helen keller drive? she's dead.
                                                                                                                                                              my sensitive toothpaste can't stop crying.
                                                                            pasta &amp; postmodernism what did the spaghetti say to the postmodernist ravioli? stop being such an intellectual im-pasta.
                                                                                                                                          if they worked, nobody would own more than one self-help book.
                                                                                                                                        whats a feminist least favorite football team? manchester united
                                                                                                  what's the difference between a hippo and a zippo? one is really heavy, the other is a little lighter!
                                                                                                                                              i hope there comes a day when cancer is just a zodiac sign
                                                                                                               as i guy, i sometimes pee while sitting usually only when the bus doesn't have a bathroom
                                                                                                   my first time having sex was just like my first time riding a bike my dad was holding me from behind.
                                                                                                                                            i just saw 30 seconds of glee and now i'm gay. send glitter.
                                                                                                                                                                   if i have to russian again... soviet.
                                                                    free business idea: female owned law firm & japanese restaurant called "she sue sushi." (our lawyers are slammin & so is our salmon)
                                                                                                                              weird stuff happens to me on thursday the 12th and saturday the 14th, too.
                                                                                            what did the king say to the pawn shop owner you are my pawn go fight for me but in a line no moving around.
                                                    my culture brings all the terrorists to the yard... and there like allah akhbar, damn right put a bomb in your car i'd preach you but i have to hajj
                                                                  "yeah i just really enjoy playing devil's avocado sometimes" teacher: devil's advocate? me [grabbing trident and avocado costume]: no.
                                                                                                    when i ride alone with a random guy in an elevator i'll wait a sec then ask "two man killing spree?"
                                                                                  how many hipsters does it take to screw in a lightbulb? some really obscure number, you've probably never heard of it.
                                                                                                                                                how do you make holy water? you boil the hell out of it.
                                                                                                                                         why can't you give elsa a balloon? because she will "let it go.
                                                                                                                      what do you tell a woman with two black eyes? nothing. you already told her twice.
                                                                                                      sorry babe, you knew you were dating a bad boy [shuffles pokemon cards without the plastic covers]
                                                                                               my wife sent her photograph to the lonely hearts club. they sent it back saying they weren't that lonely.
                                                                                                                         what's the difference between racism and chinese people? racism has many faces.
                                                                                                                        what would you call a store that sold only mints and gum? bad breath and beyond.
                              my uncle always believed that "between duct tape and wd-40 you can fix just about anything." i still can't believe it took seven years before he lost his medical license.
                                                                                             how many mice does it take to screw in a lightbulb? 2, unless they're small enough to fit a third in there.
                                                                                                                   q: what is the basement where white house  staffers work called? a: the whine cellar.
                                                                                                                                                                want to hear a joke? just talk out loud.
                                                                                             a brand new cemetery for the greats now will let anyone be buried there lots of people are dying to get in!
                                                                                                                                              i would like to be an ice cream man it would be a cool job
                                                                                                coworker: i'm going to my friend's lake house this weekend for a party. me: *lying* i also have friends.
                                                                                                                   so i thought i would share a time travel joke with you guys.. but you didn't like it.
                                                                                                                         did you guys hear about the gay midget? yeah, he just came out of the cupboard.
                                                q: how many bill clintons does it take to  change a lightbulb? a: two--one to promise he'll do it better than anyone else and one to obscure the issues.
                                                                                                          i missed the lunar eclipse, but i've seen shadows before, so i get how awestruck everyone was.
                                                                                                                                         drake like his women like... i like my mustang... 47 years old.
                                                                              today i witnessed an amputee being hanged. i tried to save him, but yelled out all the wrong letters. (h/t demetri martin)
                                                                                                                                    why can't bicycles stand up on their own? because they're two tired!
                                                                                                                                 what's the benefit of having sex with 24 year olds? there's 20 of them.
                                                                                                                                                          what animals do you bring to bed? your calves.
                                                                                                                                                           how do puppets have sex? no strings attached.
                                                                                           if you're canadian before you enter the bathroom, and american when you leave, what are you inside? european!
                                                                                                   why did god give marines one more iq point than he gave to horses. so they won't shit during parades.
                                                                                                                 guy says: is this seat empty? girl says: yes, and this one will be too if you sit down.
                                                                                                                             if you ever get arrested, lighten the mood by pretending to go for his gun.
                                                                                                         damn girl, are you (insert here)? because (insert here). now upvote it you simple minded fucks.
                                                                                                                                                                                       american politics
                                                                                                                                        a model citizen is just like a regular citizen that doesn't eat.
                                                                                                                                      most of my friendships are based on if we watch the same tv shows.
                                                                 you're all like "haha interpretive dance what a humorous concept" until you see a professional do it then you shit yourself with wonder
                                                                                                                                                                     why did the catholic cross herself?
                                                                                                                                            how do you kill a one legged fox? make him run across canada
                                  a husband and wife are getting married.... minister: and now your wedding vows groom: a e i o u bride: omg do u ever take anything seriously? groom: sometimes....why?
                                                                                                                                          i used to hate toe fungus... but now it's really growing on me
                                                                                                                                       i'm multi-talented: i can talk and piss you off at the same time.
                                                                                                                        how do you catch a one of a kind bird? unique up on it. welcome to kindergarten.
                                                                                                                                                             why is it called windows 10? because 7 8 9.
                                                                                                                          charm me with your beauty and intelligence or just wait till i'm really drunk.
                                                                         friend: do you have a bird problem? me: no. friend: why is there a scare crow in your compound. me: oh that? that's for people.
                                                           all the gingers i know have pretty good morals... i guess you can't really sell your soul to the devil when you don't have one to begin with.
                                                                                                          reddit, you are just like my dad... no matter what i do, it will never be good enough for you.
                                                                                               teenager: bae swag yolo me: in better times, people who spoke gibberish like that were burned as witches.
                                                                                                             whenever i have a one night stand, i always use protection.. a fake name and a fake number.
                                                                                            a few days ago my girlfriend asked if i was a pedophile. i said "that's a very big word for a six year old".
                                                                                          my girlfriend's father asked me what i do... apparently, "your daughter" was not the answer he wanted to hear.
                                                                                                             what do tinder and seafood restaurants have in common? both are good places to find catfish
                                                                                        i'm doing it doggy style today. lying on the couch not doing a damn thing. i will bark if you knock on the door.
                                                                                                                                                              how does a cow do math? with a cowculator!
                                                                   ok so, imagine star wars but instead of space it's brooklyn n uh instead of cool space guys, it's lena dunham complaining about stuff
                                                                                                                                         so, i decided to give reddit a try... it has its ups and downs.
                                                                                                             what's your most fucked up joke? i'm looking for the most cancerous jokes you can think of.
                                                                                                                                                         why can't hellen keller drive? cause she's dead
                                                                                                in a recent sleep study performed by clowns 9 out of 10 people didn't even know they were being watched.
                                                                                                                      my wife told me i was immature and needed to grow up. i have erectile dysfunction.
                                                                                                                                  hide a body? what's the best place to hide a body? page two of google.
                                                                                                                                                  q: where does santa stash his money? a: in a snowbank.
                                                         til: amy winehouse spent the last moment of her life watching her own video clips on youtube before her death. she must have read the comments.
                                                                                                                                   why did the punk cross the road? he was safety-pinned to the chicken.
                                                                              what's the difference between girls of our generation and peanut butter? one spreads easily and the other is peanut butter
                                                                                  what's the difference between ignorance, apathy, and ambivalence? i don't know, and i don't care one way or the other.
                                                                          post your best racist joke here i'll start: i tried to paint my computer black so it would run faster but now it doesn't work!
                                                                                                            what did the hungry terrorist say when he went on a vacation to hawaii? ***aloha snackbar***
                                                                                                 how is being married like puttin' on a tin roof? if you don't nail her good she'll be at the neighbors.
                                                                                                                             what's 18 inches long and hangs in front of an asshole? donald trump's tie.
                                                                                                                                                     which snakes are found on cars?  windscreen vipers.
                                                                                                       why is picture of jesus better than jesus himself? you only need one nail to hang up the picture.
                                                                                        what's the difference between a sharply dressed man on a unicycle and a poorly dressed man on a bicycle? a tire.
                                                                                                                                                      why did hitler commit suicide? he got his gas bill
                                                                                                                                         the best time to eat candy is when she doesn't have her period.
                                                                                                                                                     what's a whales favorite musical group? an orcastra
                                                                           a moment of silence for the fat friend in a group of girls who can't jump high enough to be in the "mid air" beach picture :(
                                                                                                                                      what did the little mountain say to the big mountain? "hi, cliff "
                                                                                                                           i witnessed an attempted murder earlier... luckily only one crow showed up...
                                   hillary said she wants to be the next president because there haven't been many women in the oval office. bill said, "that's not true, there's been plenty of women."
       a blonde is taking money out of an atm, when the blonde behind her in line says, "ha! ha! i know your password. it's four asterisks." the first blonde replies, "ha! ha! no it's not. it's 3862."
                                                                                                                                                  did you hear that oxygen and magnesium are dating. omg
                                                                                                                                         xbox one down! ps4 down! get an ambulance! wii u! wii u! wii u!
                                                                                                                                            why was the a.i. afraid of instagram? post-upload skepticism
                                                             it's sad old people won't live to see time travel, because how bad do they want to find the jerk who carpeted over this beautiful hardwood?
                                                                                                                                   when you find it hard to keep a girl, find a girl that keeps it hard.
                                                                                                          meeting friends for dinner. can't find my phone so i'm bringing along a tv remote to stare at.
                                                                                                                           that's a nice sham you've got there... it'd be a shame if somebody added an e
                                                                            after 9 months and 347 pics of you being pregnant you really only need to post one pic of the baby as proof. we believe you.
                                                              yttrium-barium-copper oxide walks into a bar the bartender tells him, "we don't serve superconductors here." he leaves without resistance.
                                                                                       i've been making an effort lately to be better with women. i'm trying to be more assertive, as well as insertive.
                                                                                                           what was trump's reaction to the petition for him to release his tax returns not my precedent
                                                                 *wildebeest film crew clatters into david attenborough's bedroom* attenborough: what the- wildebeest director: how do you like it david
                                                                                     what does a sperm cell have in common with a lawyer? both have a one-in-a-million chance of becoming a human being.
                                                                   humans pretend to be smart but we still look at the ceiling when we hear a noise upstairs like we're suddenly gonna have x-ray vision
                                                                                if a dog ran away every three nights and had an orange tail, what would that make it? i think it would still be a dog...
                                                                           everytime i text my new boss, his only response is fu! i should have expected it. they all told me he was a man of few words.
                                                                                                                                              my mother + my father  condom = most awesome person alive!
                                                                                                                           my girlfriend is like a bagpipe when i squeeze her she makes annoying noises.
                                                                                                what's the difference between jesus and a picture of jesus? it only takes one nail to hang a painting...
                                                                                                                      knock knock. who's there? *doctor* doctor who? *actually, it's just "the doctor".*
                                                                                                                                    the masochist says to the sadist... "hit me." the sadist says, "no."
                                                                      my hateful coworkers discovered that i eat my lunch in the air ducts and now they've taken to smacking the air ducts with a broom.
                                                                                                                              did you here about the funny looking desert font? they call it comic sands
                                                                                                                                                 not now, inspirational quotes on my cough drop wrapper.
                                                                                                                what happened when steve irwin forgot to put on sunscreen? he got hurt from harmful rays
                                                                                                                                                   what does a cannibal bring to a barbecue? (oc) brats!
                                                                      my uncle is an idiot. he saw a commercial that said, "9 out of 10 accidents happen within a mile of your home." so he up and moved
                                                                                                                               why do midgets laugh when they run? because the grass tickles their balls
                                                                                                                                    what did the buffalo say to his son when he left for college? bison.
                                                                                        what happened to the ghost who couldn't scare? he had to join a support group since he couldn't handle his boos.
                                                                                                                                    should you make jokes about fizzy drinks? no they'll just go to pop!
                                                                                                      "if you can't beat them, join them," i say, as i join my kids in demanding someone make breakfast.
                                                                                                                      i wonder if all weather forecasts i see on the internet are on a cloud storage?...
                                                                                                                                    why did everyone invite mushroom to the party? because he's a fungi.
                                                                                                                                               have you ever seen ray charles's mansion? neither has he.
                                                                                                                           my therapist thinks i have a drug problem. my dealer says she's overreacting.
                                                                                         i texted my girl saying who sang "party rock anthem". she replied "lmfao". i don't get what's so fucking funny?
                                                                                                                       my doctor says i have oppositional-defiant disorder. but he's wrong, so fuck him!
                                                                      text is the perfect way of saying i have some information i need to give you but i in no way shape or form want to hear your voice
                                                                                                                                     what do women and rocks have in common? you can skip the flat ones.
                                                                        even if they all unite against trump, those seven countries won't get off the list a seven nation army couldn't hold trump back.
                                                                                                                 got in a fight with the wife so i didn't let her sleep on the couch with me last night.
                                                                                                                                did you hear about the porno at the campground? it was fucking in tents.
                                                                                                                                       i sing like an amputee i can't hold a note. i can't carry a tune.
                                                                                                               if all the domino's employees in the world held hands, you'd have to make your own pizza.
                                                                                                  what's the sharpest thing in the world? a fart. it goes through your pants without even making a hole.
                                                                                                              "are you sure these x-rays are safe?" [doctor 12 feet away behind a lead wall] you're fine
                                                                               i had an awkward moment with my english teacher. apparently pathetic fallacy has nothing to do with erectile dysfunction.
                                                                                                                                             what do you call a group of invading pirates? an **arrr**my
                                                                                                                                    what did the daddy salt say to his son? "stop cracking your nacles."
                                                                                i don't understand it! why the f*ck would somebody break into a house just to steal a remote con-never mind, i found it.
                                                                                         protip: if a party guest says "i don't dance" what he's really telling you is "make my drinks stronger please".
                                                                                                                           what's the worse thing to do to a blind person? leave a plunger in the toilet
                                                                                                                         women don't consider it chivalrous when you open bathroom stall doors for them.
                                                                                                                                               occasionally, a true friend gives his paw not his hand...
                                                                                                                                                    understanding women is like... smelling the color 3.
                                                                                                                                                       how does it feel to crash a rental car? it hertz.
                                                                                                                                           why did the pig go to the casino ? to play the slop machine !
                                                                                   nicest girl - you're the nicest girl and prettier than i have known - you what you want is fuck me - wow and smarter.
                                                                                                  q: what do you get when you cross pasta with a snake? a: spaghetti that winds itself around your fork.
                                                                   there are two kinds of people in this world... 1. people who can count 2. people who can't 3. people who aren't good at telling jokes
                                                                                                                                                 tifu by getting on the wrong submarine oops, wrong sub.
                                                                    "of course i have a mandate!" donald trumpler shrieked at reporters. "master putin is picking me up tonight for dinner and dancing."
                                                                                             you know you were a fat baby.., when the doctor had to get the jaws of life to remove you from your mother.
                                                                                                          will we just know how to play the harp in heaven, or do we need to arrange lessons beforehand?
                                                                                                                                                "i've had enough of your shit" ~ toilet paper on strike.
                                                                                                                                                         keep your friends' cake and your enemies' cake.
                                                                                                                         i'm always right about things... could you say i have a correctile dysfunction?
                                                                                                                                                              some people need rosetta stone for sarcasm
                                                                                                                                           what does a clock do when it's hungry? it goes back 4 seconds
                                                                                                               they're making a christmas edition of the human centipede it's called the human santapede
                                                                                                                                     what's a mexican midget barbers favorite restaurant? little cesar's
                                                                                                                       why i'm leaving reddit. i have to go to the gas station to pick up some munchies.
                                                                                                                 why does the pedophile like minecraft? because he liked playin around all those miners.
                                                             wife on facebook: homework with 9, he's doing so well! wife to me: it took him 8 tries to spell cake. cake. grab some wine on your way home
                                                                                                                                                     saudi arabia hates scooby doo... but abu dhabi doo!
                                                                                                                               did you hear about the italian chef with a terminal illness? he pastaway.
                                                                                                                         q: why did the parasite listen to the clock? a: because it liked the tick talk.
                                                                                                             how many agnostics does it take to change a light bulb? there's really no sure way to know.
                                                                    [12 doctors in a meeting] alright. which one of you idiots leaked the 1 weird tip to lose weight that doctors wont tell you. idiots!
                                                              [on phone] "did u see the weather forecast?" "no. i refuse to be sucked in by big weather." "where are you? its so noisy." "in a tornado."
                                                                                                                         why do sorority girls travel in packs of 1, 3, 5 or 7? because they can't even.
                                                                                                                        i can't stand people who end sentences with prepositions! it just pisses me off!
                                                                                                                                             double standards are the worst. i mean, one flag is enough.
                                                              her: *smiles* you fill those out very nicely. me: (looks at jeans)thanks. bank teller: sir, could you please pass back the forms? me: ohh!
                                                                        if i ever get a dog, i'll name her robbery when i get to store, i'll tell "get down, robbery". dog lies and the whole store too.
                                                                         rural upbringin' what do you call a bunch of tractors parked in front of a mcdonald's on friday night in wisconsin? prom night.
                                                                                                                                                    what does it look like when someone is drowning? lol
                                                                                                             what are two things you can't give a black person? (semi racist) a black eye and a fat lip.
                                                                                                                                                        what kind of key opens a casket? a skeleton key.
                                                                                 maybe if you knew garfield's parents were murdered on a monday by anti lasagna activists you wouldn't be so judgmental.
                                                                                                                  why did the physics teacher break up with the biology teacher? there was no chemistry.
                                                                               a man walks into a psychiatrist's office with nothing but saran wrap on. psychiatrist says, "i can clearly see your nuts"
                                                                                                                                                           what was prince's greatest "hit?" purple vein
                                                                                                                                 i feel sorry for homeless gay people they have no closet to come out of
                                                                                                                      i always heard it was ok to date a nun... as long as you don't get into the habit.
                                                                my kid threw five hot dogs in the trash, in callous disregard of the pigs who nobly gave their snouts, hooves and anuses for our dinner.
                                                                                                                                              how many ants does it takes to fill an apartment? ten-ants
                                                                                                                            imagine if people referenced the beach boys more often! wouldn't it be nice?
                                            i have reached a stage where i'm looking for a real eye opener for a girl friend. it would be a nice change because all my previous girl friends were asian.
                                                                                                                                                      why are e.t.'s eyes so big? he saw the phone bill.
                                                   did you hear about the two blondes that were found frozen to death in their car at the drive-in movie  theater? they went to see "closed for winter".
                                                                                                              if a woman gave in very fast it's not because of the man but the men that came before him.
                                                                                                                 i will literally punch you in the throat the next time you misuse the word "literally".
                                                     marital problems "you haven't listened to a word i've said, have you?" always seems like a strange way for my wife to start a conversation with me.
                                                                                                                              why don't blind people go skydiving? it scares the crap out of their dogs!
                                                                  my wife asked me where i would like to be buried....... apparently, " balls deep in your sister " wasn't the anewer she was expecting.
                           i don't have a facebook or twitter account... ...so i just go around announcing out loud what i'm doing at random times. i've got 3 followers so far, but i think 2 are cops.
                                                                                                                                what do you call it when a blond dyes her hair? artificial intelligence.
                                                                                                       netflix has a doc called "fascism in colour"; wouldn't this be more of a "black-and-white" issue?
                                                                                                                                          where does a prostitute go to rat out her pimp? to a hoe-tell.
                                                                         i slept with the lights on last night because i missed the light switch with all 8 of the nerf darts i shot while lying in bed.
                                                         a joke you can only tell to a nerdy black guy. your mom's so fat, scientist had to come up with a new name for her. a super massive black hole.
                                                                                                                             q: why do polish names end in "ski" ? a: because they can't spell tobbagan.
                                                                                                                  what is dark, invades you in your sleep, and starts with n-i-g? nightmares you racist.
                                                                                                              knock, knock. who's there? opportunity. don't be silly - opportunity doesn't knock twice!"
                                                                                                                          why do hipsters drink coffee so quickly? they want to finish before it's cool.
                                                                                                                                  how do mathematicians become engineers? you just gotta apply yourself.
                                                                                                      why does the army want to only recruit married men? because they don't want a **single** man lost!
                                                                                                                           what did the gorilla do when he saw the sign 'clean washroom'? he cleaned it!
                                                                                                                what would you get if you crossed bill gates with louis leakey ... a philanthropologist.
                                                                                                                                                why can a t-rex not touch his toes? because he's extinct
                                                                                                              did you hear about the ghoul's favorite hotel? it had running rot and mould in every room.
                                                                                                                                                       my favorite one-liner two women sat down quietly.
                                                               i think it's important for women to know there are men who stand at urinals and pee with their hands on their hips like they're superman.
                                                                    my favorite part about magazine interviews with actors are the 3 first paragraphs describing how they entered the hotel and sat down
                                                                                                                         a priest, rapist, and a child molestor walk into a bar then he ordered a drink.
                                                                                                                                                   my wife still misses me but her aim is getting better
                                                                                                                          "were you in paris on your  vacation?" "i don't know my wife got the tickets."
                                                                                                                                 how can you tell if a redditor is european? don't worry, he'll tell you
                 "dad, are they allowed to put two people in the same grave?" "i don't think so, son. why do you ask?" "because that headstone over there says, 'here lies a lawyer and an honest man.'"
                                                                                                                       why are people still calling my phone i thought we covered this at orientation...
                                                                                                     can someone please invent pantyhose that don't rip? i think everyone in this bank just saw my face.
                                                                                                                                               my problem with self-deprecation... is that i suck at it.
                                                                 when asking a girl out it's important to show you respect her. try writing your number on a tubman twenty so she knows your a feminist.
                                                                                   "ewww how'd that get in the house? i don't wanna kill it. i'll just put it outside" *scoops your baby up in a tissue*
                                                                                                    i stopped listening to my parents' advice after they told me not to eat paste, and it was delicious.
                                                                                           i once met a detective who would copy drawings of penises in his spare time. i think his name was dick tracey
                                                        got all the way to the car and realized i left my keys back at the office the two things i hate most in life: 1. isis and 2. accidental exercise
                                                                                                                      what's the difference between hitler and usain bolt? usain bolt can finish a race.
                                                                                                                                     no matter what a woman looks like, if she's confident, she's sexy."
                                                                                                                    when i found out the murderer dismembered the victim, it really tore me into pieces.
                                                                                                                                         how is a fish like a bicycle? neither one knows how to whistle!
                                                                                                                                                                     how do you bury a pothead? coughin'
                                                                                                                                                           one direction should be renamed 0.8 direction
                                                                                                                                          why does the pope always win at chess? he has so many bishops!
                                                   first monster: i'm going to a party tonight. second monster: oh are you? first monster: yes i must go to the graveyard and dig out a few old friends.
                                                                                          what's the difference between marty mcfly and a bears fan? eventually, marty mcfly stopped going back to 1985.
                                                                                                      look at your disgusting balls. that's literally exactly what jesus wants them to look like. #bible
                                                                                                                              i just bought a pair of glasses from zenni optical. 20/20 would buy again.
                                                                       i used balloons to propose to a girl i met on the internet... i then saw her face for the first time and had to pop the question.
                                                                    what did the old billy bobs eat at mcdonald's? mcchicken-killer... yeah i'm really stoned smoked a chicken killer and ate mcdonald's
                                                                                                                               what do you call the sound a ghost makes when he calls you? a phone moan.
                                                                                                                           father, i want a bicycle... why you need that? you already have a wheelchair.
                                                                                                                            my wife treats me like a god every evening at dinner i get a burnt offering.
                                                                                                                                               how many potatoes does it take to kill an irishman? none.
                                                                                                   "i trust that guy about as far as i can throw him." -the incredible hulk, about a guy he trusts a lot
                                                                                                                                 q: why do businessmen carry umbrellas? a: because umbrellas can't walk.
                                                                                                               what religion still believes in the big bang? [x-post from /r/imgoingtohellforthis] islam
                                                                                                                                     don't you hate it when people ask for upvotes? upvote if you agree.
                                                                                                                         what is the definition of a barbarian? it's someone who cuts hair in a library.
                                                                                                                       i always use chloroform when stealing a child. really puts the "nap" in "kidnap".
                                                                                                                                            what do you get when you mix acids and bases together? rape.
                                                                                                                            saw a guy who wears a turban and who was coughing loudly i think he was sikh
                                                                 i need to get a car wash but my dogs' nose smudges on the back window appear to be forming a word so i'm gonna let that play out first.
                                                                                                                                          are you reading this from a toilet? i'm writing this from one.
    i was having sex with a woman when her husband got home early she told me to use the back door and to be quick. i probably should have just left, but it's not every day you get an offer like that.
                                                                            i love when football players put their t-shirts over their shoulder pads because they look like business women from the 80s.
                                                                                                                                                                 what's 6.9? 69 interrupted by a period.
                                                                                donald trump, hillary clinton and jeb bush jump of a bridge. they do a race who hits the ground first. who wins? society
                                                                                                           no thanks farting robot on the wall i'll use the paper towels to dry my hands nice try though
                                                                                                       how many software engineers does it take to change a light bulb? none. that's a hardware problem.
                                                                                                        my brother in law won't go to hooters with me tonight because his wife is "having a baby." #lame
                                                                                                            fetish... i have a fetish for switching on air conditioning units. it gives me vent elation.
                                                                                                                                                  why don't sharks eat clowns? because they taste funny.
                                                                                                                                                                 want did the alzheimer say to the shoe?
                                                                                                                                                                                          me i'm a joke.
                                                                                                     why do jews get circumcised? because jewish women won't touch anything that's not at least 10% off.
                        a young boy asks his jewish father for $40... the father replies, "40 dollars?! what do you need 20 dollars for? here's $10" gives him a 5, "now go split it with your brother."
                                                                                                                                       how do you throw a party in space? planet.  i'll show myself out.
                                                                  what do you get if you play a country music song backwards? you get your wife back. your house back. your truck back. your dog back...
                                                                                                                          i tried to shuffle a pile of ibuprofen i guess drug dealing just isn't for me.
                                                                                          martin shkreli has been arrested. bail will be set, then quickly raised to an amount he can't possible afford.
                                                                               one morning, the ceo of an airline company asked his chief procurement officer: -- so, what's the deal with airline food?
                                                                                                                                    why does the us love israel so much? because is a raeli good country
                                                                                                                        what do you call a tree that does not believe jesus was the messiah? a jew-niper
                                                                                                              why did the chicken cross the road? to get to the cake #funniestjokeevernotreallyyesreally
                                                                                                                      why did brass and steel team-up together during the war? because they were alloys.
                                                       what's the most favorite bird among most men? [boobies!](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/booby) i can't believe no one has made this joke here yet.
                                                                                                                    q: why was the blondes' belly button sore ? a: because her boyfriend was blonde too.
                                                                                                                           the full time football result is in: real madrid - 4... surreal madrid - fish
                                                         how did the mathematician solve his constipation problems? the same way he solved all other problems: he worked it out with a pencil and paper.
                                                                                                                                 my son wants a bb gun for christmas i told him i'l give it my best shot
                                                                                                  our welcome mat is missing its l. i'd leave it that way but i'm afraid it'll look like we're bragging.
                                                                                          i'm sorry i stabbed all your tires, but in my defense you flirted with me and then said you were just kidding.
                                                                                                                                        women don't make good meteorologists because they're never wrong
                                                                                                                                        last time i got some ass my finger went through the toilet paper
                                                                                                                                  why doesn't kim jong un ever defecate? because he's too legit to shit.
                                                                                                                          had a summer job helping to make art out of elephant dung. it was pretty shit.
                                                                                                                                 what did the mother buffalo say when her boy left for college? bye-son!
                                       what was the last thing that went through jfk jr's mind when his plane crashed? the console. what was jfk jr's wife drinking when the plane crashed? ocean spray.
                                                                                                                                                 why did a man eat a clock? he wanted to pass some time.
                                                                         i asked my mom where she went to get groceries and if she would tell me if anyone died in game of thrones. she said... jons, no
                                                                                                                       british people must really like leia in the new star wars movie. stiff upper lip!
                                                                                                              as a janitor, you wouldn't believe the shit i have to clean up. http://m.imgur.com/cjyphzq
                                                                                                                                                        still waiting for mine to mature into adultneys.
                                                                                                          how difficult is it to live with erectile dysfunction? it turns out, it's not very hard at all
                                                                    first off i want to commend you for taking part in credit counselling. now, under assets you wrote "like an onion". can you clarify?
                                                                                                                                  there's a new male porn star from india. his stage name is deep indar!
                                                                                                                                        what do you call a rifle that has been fired recently? a shotgun
                                                                                                                                   what do we want? *a cure for tourette's!* when do we want it? *fuck!*
                                                                                              north korea says it's gonna terror attack south korea. i don't have a punchline, that's just really funny.
                                                                                                                    doctor's office roses are red violets are blue i have an uncomfortable bladder issue
                                                                                                                                                       i bet michael j. fox makes one hell of a martini.
                                                               ode to twitter twinkle, twinkle little star, how i wonder where you are, twitter changed you to a heart, i don't think they're very smart
                                                                                                  want to hear a clean joke? johnny took a bath with bubbles. want to hear a dirty one? bubbles is a man
                                                                                                                                there's something about a mousetrap that i can't quite put my finger on.
                                                                                             rolls down car window. throws caution to the wind. spends an hour cleaning caution off the side of the car.
                                                                    and on the sixth day, god created man first so that he could enjoy a few minutes on earth without saying the wrong thing to a woman.
                                                                                                                                          they used to be called "jumpolines" till your mother had a go.
   why won't hipsters listen to the beatles until ringo starr and paul mccartney die? because they only want to listen to the beatles when they're underground (taken from cyanide and happiness comics)
                                                                                                       why did the kangaroo love the little  australian bear? because the bear had many fine koala-ties!
                                      q: why did the polish couple decide to have only 4 children? a: they'd read in the newspaper that one out of every five babies born in the world today is chinese.
                                                                                                                                          what do you call a doctor who eats his vegetables. a cannibal.
                                                                                       me: you need to eat vegetables instead of candy if you want to be tall. 4-year-old: i'll just be small and happy.
                                                                                                       give a man a jacket he'll be warm for the winter. teach a man to jacket he won't leave the house.
                                                                                             a woman wrote a c function to calculate the weight of her breasts the program crashed due to stack overflow
                                                                       failed my biology test today: they asked, "what is commonly found in cells?" apparently "black people" wasn't the correct answer.
                                                           what do you call a grandpa who couldn't understand why his email wanted to upload his attachment to share it? an old man yelling at the cloud
                                                                                                                                                        what's in the middle of girls' legs? their knee.
                                                                                                                                                    why do clumsy people get married? they fall in love.
                                                                                                                             what do you call a veterinarian that can only work on one animal? a doctor.
                                                                    why is a woman's asshole like a 9 volt battery? because we all know it's wrong but sooner or later we're gonna put our tongue on it.
                                                                 ugh this morning this cop was all "what's with the fake mustache" & "you can't throw turtle shells out of your vehicle" & "who's yoshi"
                                                      my boss noticed i shaved before coming in to the office today then he told me if i wanted to keep my job i would have to start keeping my pants on
                                                                                                                          i told my pregnant girl friend that she was as big as a 747. that did not fly.
                                                                                                                                                                  halitosis... is better than no breath.
                                                                                          girlfriend: we need to talk me: ok what's up girlfriend: i'm pregnant me: oh and i suppose that's my fault too
                                                                                                                                                                 where do amputee's go out to eat? ihop.
                           german girlfriend my german girlfriend likes to rate my sexual performances on a scale of 1-10. last night we tried anal. she kept yelling 9. that's the best i've ever done.
                                                                                                                                                          how do you keep a hard on? don't fuck with it.
                                                                                                                                                               the boy and the priest. a touching story.
                                                                                       i'm so bored with life, i've decided to read the oxford english dictionary from start to finish. i'm past caring.
                                                                                                        what do you call a dog with no legs? it doesn't matter what you call it, it's not going to come.
                                                                  before i do anything important, i always ask myself "would this gain house points for gryffindor or lose house points for gryffindor?"
                                                                                                                                                          with great power comes great electricity bills
                                                                                                                        how many sound guys does it take to screw in a light bulb? two, two... one, two.
                                                                                        i really admire people who can joke about themselves so i made up this joke....it starts "i have alzheimer's ...
                                                                          my cock was actually in the guinness book of world records once. but it really pissed off the librarian and she kicked me out.
                                                                                                                                            why are successful people such assholes? they get shit done.
                                                                                                                                                                                       i see wed people.
                                                                                                                  what do you call a personal laptop floating in the ocean? a dell - rolling in the deep
                                                                                                                                                                         dear time, more weekend please.
                                                                 why did the toy company stop donating toys to kids in africa? because it's pretty depressing to have a tamagotchi that'll out-live you.
       a guy escaped from the lunatic asylum. he broke into the local laundromat, banged the female assistant and ran off. headline in the local newspaper next day read, "nut screws washer and bolts".
                                                                                                                   why do terrorists recruit married men as suicide bombers? they're easier to convince.
                                                                                                                                             "support bacteria  it's the only culture some people have!"
                                                                                                                        know why i make my pot brownies with chocolate laxatives? for shits and giggles.
                                                                        i think we all know that one person who seems to make it a daily goal to incorporate every color of the rainbow in their outfit.
                                                                                                      til that if you plug your amp into a 12" instead of your 8", you get fireworks. whoops. wrong sub.
                                                                                                           go to work tomorrow with a new attitude. be positive! communicate! hide when real work comes!
                                                                   "if all your friends jumped" 'yes' "but if they" 'yes' "but" 'if i ever get friends i'm going to do whatever they want me to, ok mom?
                                                                                                                                                             what has seven arms and sucks? def leppard.
                                                                                                           what did the little cloud say about the big cloud? i think you're condensating for something.
                                                                           three-legged dog a three-legged dog walks into a saloon and says to the bartender, "i'm lookin' fer the guy who shot my paw."
                                                                                                                       why did the boy stand behind the horse? he thought he might get a kick out of it!
                                                                                                                        i imagine the hardest part of becoming a supervillain is getting your doctorate.
                                                                                                                                      mom: you failed your english test, didn't you? me: who telled you?
                                                                                                              the boston bruins had a good chance of beating the leafs... ...but they totally bombed it.
                                                                                                                                                    what do you call a vegetarian fart? kale force wind!
                                                                                                           jesus may have fed fishes and loaves to 5000 people.... but hitler made 6 million jews toast.
                                                                                                                                    what did the tree do when the bank closed? it started its own branch
                                                                                                                                                         where did noah keep the bees? in the ark-hives.
                                                                                                     does everyone have a weird facebook acquaintance that comments on all their shit, or is it just me?
                                                                                                                             i like my woman like i like my shoelaces. curvy, loose, and easy to finger.
                                                                                                             how do you know a girl is into you? just pinch yourself, if you don't wake up, she doesn't.
                                                                                                                 why was the skunk arrested for  counterfeiting? because he gave out bad scents (cents).
                                                                                     i still haven't found the key to happiness... ...but i'm starting to feel like whoever locked it up is a real dick.
    my neighbour was about to lose his house. so i decided to organise a neighbourhood wide charity orgy to help him. it was truly awe inspiring to see the whole neighbourhood come together like that.
                                                                                                                                 i'm going to tell you a pizza joke actually never mind it's too cheesy.
                                                                                                                                  what do you call a mexican after he gets electrocuted? re-fried beans!
                                                                               i've been in this air conditioner duct long enough to have forgotten if i'm the good guy or the bad guy in this building.
                                                                                                               who is better? the 3rd wave feminist or the pencil? the pencil is better. it has a point.
                                                                                                            doctors recommend that you drink 8 glasses of water a day and don't fall out of a helicopter
                                                                                                                                                   q: where do pigs park their cars? a: in porking lots.
                                                      why do bears' mouths water whenever they look at trump? because they think that thing on his head (his hair) is an animal and they want to eat it.
                                                                                                                                                                you know what's a load of crap? anal sex
                                                                                                                                          what happens when you witness a shipwreck? you let it sink in.
                                                                                                                                           what did abe lincoln say when he was arrested? i'm-in-a-cent!
                                                                                                                                what do you call a musical wreath made from $100 bills? aretha franklins
                                                                       *leaves home for the day... *fears i left something behind *runs inside to see baby playing with my phone. *grabs phone & leaves.
                                                                                                     what's a man's idea of a perfect date? a woman who answers the door stark naked holding a six pack.
                                                                                                                                                      what does spiderman like to get high on? mary jane
                                                                       i want my marriage to be a forever one night stand, laughing and joking, beer drinking, dancing, pizza in bed kinda relationship.
                                                                                                                               glockenspiel germanic efficiency brought to the game of russian roulette.
                                     what did the dog say after a hard day at work ? "today sure was ruff" read that today on my university's art wall and made me smile a bit , thought i'd share it :p
                                                                                                                                                             what do 7 out of 8 people enjoy? gang rape.
                                                                                    i often think if i'd taken a different path in life, i could be lying on a slightly more comfortable sofa right now.
                                                                                                                                        my goal weight is to stop hearing 'you have a great personality'
                                                                                                                                           how much does a pirate pay for an ear piercing? a buck an ear
                                                       a guy gives free circumcisions he gets asked, "well, if you don't get paid, how do you keep the food on the table?" he answers, "i keep the tips"
                                                                                                         what did the man say to the bee who wanted to learn the alphabet? nothing lmao bees cant learn.
                                                                                                                                               sesame street didn't prepare me for any of this bullshit.
                                                                                                          my dog kept chasing people on a bike.. it got so bad, finally i had to take it away from him..
                                                                                                                   i asked my wife if she was up for a game of rape she said no i said that's the spirit
                                        once upon a time,there was this cute black rabbit... ...he used to breath from his arsehole.after a long day of collecting carrots he sat down to rest and died.
                                                                                                                                                       what do catholic body builders lift? their guilt.
                                                                                                                                                    sure hillary sucks... ...just not as much as monica.
                                                                                            how do i feel about your goatee? i shave every part of my legs except the knees, how do you feel about that?
                                                                                 sometimes i want to ask certain people, "so you looked in the mirror and thought you looked good enough to go outside?"
                                                                                                               how do you get 50 canadians out of a swimming pool? "please get out of the swimming pool"
                                                                                                                                                how do you tell the time in the us? by looking at a bomb
                                                                                                    what does a duck and a bicycle have in common? they both have handlebars. well, except for the duck.
                                                                                                                              why doesn't bono like google? he still hasn't found what he's looking for.
                                                                                                                me: i have schrodinger like reflexes "don't you mean cat-like reflexes?" me: yes and no.
                                                                                                                                     all racist jokes are the same if you've heard juan you heard jamal.
                                                                                                                                                              according to the bmi chart i am too short.
                                                                                                                      the difficulty of killing a single bird with one stone has been grossly misjudged.
                                                              a boy came into the house with a sofa on his back. his father said, "how many times have i told you not to accept suites from strangers!?"
                                                                                                                               i can sympathize with batteries. i never get included in anything either.
                                                                                                                                                                         shower like nobody is watching.
                                                                                                       we need a woman president in the oval office. because the white house cook is retiring next year.
                                                                                               "there are nine holes on a chair. a man sat and farted. which hole did the fart go through?" the asshole.
                                                                                                                           a black guy and a jewish guy jump off a building, who lands first? who cares.
       overheard @ high school's red &amp; white football game clueless freshman: "so, who are we playing?" crowd: "it's intrasquad!" pregnant pause. clueless freshman: "so we're still going to lose!"
                                                                                                                          hr: did you call an employee stupid? me: no, i asked if he knew he was stupid.
                                                                                                                            why did chris christie cross the road? because chicken is fucking delicious!
                                                                                                                                            i was only mildly famous in the '90s but vaccinate your kids
                                                                                       gf just thought of the best name for a drink. the vadge liqueur. (should i be concerned? this was totally random)
                                                                                           stuppidly offencive a bus full of sunny women is like a box of chacklet, you never no what your going to get.
                                          latvian christmas christmas eve father ask son what want christmas. son say potato. father say "ok. santa bring potato." next day boy is learn santa no exist.
                                                                                                                politicians have more need of diapers than babies because they're full of way more shit.
                                                                                                                                                     try saying "i like cops" without your lips touching
                                                                                                                                                                     i'm a masochist. i downvote myself.
                                                                                                                                                           it's a joke, not a dick don't take it so hard
                                                                                            i lost my job at the bank on my very first day. a woman asked me to check her balance, so i pushed her over.
                                                                                          the best trick to ordering pizza is asking them not to cut it. by law, they can only charge you for one slice.
                                                                       i posted a question about the brightest star in the night sky, but all i got were joke replies. should've added the [sirius] tag.
                                                                                                               what do you call a musical sheep group? an alcapelca... yeah that was bad.. sorry world..
                                                                                                 gordon ramsay rejected all the photos taken to showcase his latest menu ... ... they were formatted raw
                                                                                                                                   what do liberal arts majors yell when overwhelmed? oh,the humanities!
                                                                                                                                                                   i remember 2014 like it was yesterday
                                                                                                   my life is like a romantic comedy expect there's no romance and it's just me laughing at my own jokes
                                                                                                    what do rodents with an inclination towards mathematics use for their auctioning needs? thepiratebay
                                                                                                             entered what i ate today into my new fitness app and it just sent an ambulance to my house.
                                                            then my wife left me, i became an alcoholic and started making meth in my basement but anyway take one candy bar each kids. happy halloween.
                                                                                                                    why do women make bad engineers? their whole lives they have been told 5 inches is 8
                                                                                                                                                                      my guardian angel deserves a raise
                                                                                                                                                           a dick in hand is better than pussy in a bush
                                                                                                         i'm surprised 4 isn't an unlucky number. nothing good ever comes from putting 2 and 2 together.
                                                                                                        donald trump and his followers are buying macs so they don't have to be pc anymore. *ba dum tsst
                                                                                               an ice bucket challenge ... but for when teenagers don't want to get out of bed and get ready for school.
                                                                                                                                       what do you call a unicorn that's had its horn removed. eunuchorn
                                                                                                                                          what's donald trump's favorite kind of bubble gum? bigly chew.
                                                                                                                                                 my in-laws are visiting... this is their homicide note.
                                                                                                    my friends call me superman, not because i help people, its because i wear the same clothes everyday
                                                                                                          if she's naming your wedding album on facebook "wedding day!!!!!" she's too young for you bro.
                                                                                                                                    why couldn't i have been born rich instead of so ridiculously witty?
                                                                     so there's this new music attraction at seaworld featuring some guy they call squid barrett. they refer to themselves as ink floyd.
                                                                                                                                               how many germans does it take to change a lightbulb? one.
                                                                                                          where do one-legged waitresses work? ihop. tipping your waitress takes on a whole new meaning.
                                                                                                                                     what do you call a white man surrounded by many black men? a warden
                                                                                                                          did you hear about the paranoid dyslexic? he thought he was following someone.
                                                                                                                          why do mermaids wear sea shells? because their boobs are too big for b-shells!
                          today i saw a poor, old lady fall. my first reaction was to laugh, but then i thought "what if i was an ant, and she fell on top of me?" then it didn't seem so funny anymore.
                                               once a neutron went in a mall after all the shopping and stuff, he went to the billing counter and asked bill please the guy there said no charge for you
                                                                                                                  why isn't john oliver having sultanas in his fruitcake? because it's the currant year.
                                                              trump protester: it's impossible to round up 11 million people and ship them somewhere. trump supporter: why are you denying the holocaust
                                                                                                                              an upvote is like a minute of sex. i'd like 1000, but i can only muster 5.
                                                                                                                                   what's the difference between a snow-man and a snow-woman? snowballs.
                                                                                             what do you call an effeminate japanese man with radiation sickness, aids and hemorrhegic fever? ebola gay.
                                                                                                                                              what's the strongest part of a vegetable? the wheel chair.
                                                                                                        while it may be physically possible to have a baby after 40, forty children are probably enough.
                                                              -where was i conceived, dad? dad: ahh *rubs back of neck* at the bellagio in las vegas. -rly? dad: wd i lie to u, bestwestern broomcloset?
                                                                                                                  what did the cannibal get when he was late to dinner? they gave him the cold shoulder.
                                                                                                                                              would headphones get tangled in space? no, they would knot
                                                                                                                                      why did the sjw hate the mexican robot? because it was pablo-matic
                                                                                                                                                why did the pop band get cancer? they were radio active.
                                                                                                              just wrote a song about making sandwiches using tortillas. ... well, it's more of a rap...
                                                                                                                                                                   two silkworms had a race it was a tie
                                                                                                                                         what do you call a techno-themed grocery store? gigi d'agostino
                                                                                                                                                      the reason my jokes are so funny is because i have
                                                                                                                    i hate when my wife asks me to hold her purse and it doesn't match what i'm wearing.
                                                                                                                                                           these generic frosted flakes are ooooooookay.
                                                                                                                        as a young boy my mom would always tuck me in at night she always wanted a girl.
                                                                                                                                     *slides a cheese slice with my number written on it in your pocket*
                                                                                      yes, money cannot buy you happiness, but i'd still feel a lot more comfortable crying in a new bmw than on a bike.
                                                                                                                                     why do people make offensive jokes about inbreeding? it's retarded.
                                                                                                                             ever hear the joke about the baby with aids? aww, man. it *never* gets old.
                                                            which is worse: that i had to wear a frozen bandaid cuz all the regular ones were taken or that i spent 5 min. deciding between anna & elsa?
                                                                                                                                             did you know beer makes you smarter. as it made bud wieser.
                                                                                                                why do sumo wrestler's shave their bodies? so that they don't get mistaken for feminists
                                                                         why did the music industry talent scout take a course in game programming? he thought it would help him with his hit detection.
                                    people ask how i'm so prepared for christmas it's easy i had all presents wrapped and hidden in the attic since august, my girlfriend is going to love her new puppy
                                                                                          they say 75% of all americans live next to a pedophile. not me.... i live next door to a hot 10 year old girl.
                                                                                                      pick up line: girl, do you run a gorilla exhibit at the zoo? because i want to drop a baby in you.
                                                                                                                        what do you call a dog with no limbs? doesn't really matter it won't come anyway
                                                                                                                   say what you want about pedophiles at least they go the speed limit in school zones..
                                                                                            can you imagine getting the girl of dream's phone number and her first text to you she spells it "defantely"
                                                                                                         the abusive relationship that i'm in is such a joke i spend everyday waiting for the punchline.
                                                             let my 4 year old score his first goal on me in hockey & he said, "na na, you couldn't stop me!" so he also received his first cross-check.
                                                                                what do you call a pho restaurant run by 9 japanese chefs? pho kyuu edit: no one understands how to pronounce "pho". ;_;
                                                                                     kid: daddy can i give some of my candy to that duck? me: no, ducks only eat things they find in nature, like bread.
                                                                  henry david thoreau walks into a bar. the bartender says: we don't serve your kind here! thoreau replies: walden. i'll see myself out.
                                                                                                                             what's the difference between ann coulter and a bucket of shit? the bucket.
                                                                                                                     i knew you would come crawling back to me. shut up and give me back the wheelchair.
                                                                                                                                did you see iran play in the world cup? i heard they played like shiate'
                                                                one day i bet bullets will be replaced by flowers, and guns will probably be replaced by something that fires flowers with deadly force.
                                                                                                                                                          i haven't seen my whole family since last year
                                                                                                            a small bird made of oak be good if there was a related joke, wooden tit? (credit: tim vine)
                                                                          person: "that's a beautiful baby." me: "thanks, i named him after his grandpa." person: "awe, what's his name?" me: "grandpa."
                                                                                                 my doctor just used a tongue depressor on me so i'm going out for ice cream to cheer the little guy up.
                                                                                          my girlfriend broke up with me because i stole her wheelchair. it's ok though, she always comes crawling back.
                                                                                                                                                              photographing bigfoot is... no small feat.
                                                                                                                           meat what is the chepist type of meat? deer balls because there under a buck.
                                                                                                                                                                     drugs are bad...when they wear off.
                                                                                                                                   a man was masturbating in an airplane he was arrested for highjacking
                                                   most offensive jokes i want to hear the most offensive jokes you have ever heard or told. send that shit in. because i loves me some offensive jokes.
                                                                                                                                    did you hear about the hamster who died? he fell asleep at the wheel
                                                                                                    i made this joke up when i was eight. i'm very proud of it. what's in the wardrobe? narnia business.
                                                            waiter: "i'm afraid your credit card has been declined." me: "try this one." w: "this is a blood donor card." m: "take as much as you need."
                                                                                                             mules are held donkey and half horse. so does this mean that they do everything half-assed?
                                                                            pakistan army will never try to win the war against india, someone told them winner has to speak english on live television.
                                                                          i hate forensic tv shows like csi. i know for a fact that they are completely unrealistic... i mean come on, women detectives?
                                                                                                                      fact: fat people falling down is always funnier than a skinny person falling down.
                                                                                                            watching a documentary is the leading cause of being unbearable in conversations for a week.
                                                                                                                                                                      i'm not disappointed, i'm just mad
                                                                                                                                        what do you call someone who likes to rap about salt? nacl-more.
                                                                                                i am sure that in alcohol are female hormones. when i drink i talk too much and don't know how to drive.
                                                                                                                                                            procrastinating?! don't even get me started!
                                                                  give a man a fish, and he'll just expect more free fish. teach a man to fish, and you can stick him with crippling fishing school debt
                                                                                   a horse walked into a bar... ...several people got up and left as they spotted the potential danger of the situation.
                                                                                                                   did you hear about the blind woman in a gangbang? she didn't know what came over her.
                                                                                                                                                            a guy died while having sex he came and went
                                                                                                                                                                                        last csgo update
                                                                                                                                         what does a sick billionaire say? "i feel like a million bucks"
                                                                                      did you guys hear about the man who survived mustard gas and pepper spray? he turned out to be a seasoned veteran.
                                                                                                            if cops were really public servants they'd stop pulling me over and start cleaning my house.
                                                                    i'm on chapter two of the dictionary and this thing is just so disconnected. like, what happened to the aardvark from the beginning?
                                                                                                                                        tifu by mixing up my client's subway order! whoops, wrong *sub*!
                                                                                                my parents are always pestering me to have kids. "who will carry on the ancient family curse?" they say.
                                                                                                                          why did the robot cross the road? because it was carbon bonded to the chicken.
                                                                                               if a tree falls down in the woods... but no one is around to hear it. does a hipster still buy the album?
                                                              accidentally feng shui'd tonight when everybody wang chunged and i've never been more embarrassed. that lamp does look great there though.
                                                                                               how can you a drop a egg on concrete without cracking it? anyway you want. concrete doesn't break easily.
                                                                                                                         robin and batman robin: knock knock batman:who's there? robin:not your parents!
                                                                                                                                                               what has 3 legs and 3 eyes? three pirates
                                                                                               you know that brain-dead zone you go to in the middle of a cardio workout? is that where dogs always are?
                                                                                       there is nothing wrong with drinking while pregnant... ...my wife drank through all five months of her pregnancy.
                                                                                                           five construction workers walk into a bar they should have been looking where they were going
                                                              kinda thick horizontal curvy line, two thinner curvy vertical lines, squiggly line, different thicker squiggly line -japanese spelling bee
                                                                                                                                             how do you get a nun pregnant? dress her up as an altar boy
                                                                                            *learns all froot loops are the same flavor regardless of color* *sighs* *sadly deletes 583 page phd thesis*
                                                     a polite german who never showers walks into a cathouse... ...and does his buisness. all the women then commented on how he had quite a "gru dich."
                                                                                                                                             where's the best place to go on the first date? all the way
                                                                                            i'll never get a dog, but if i had to i'd the kind that doesn't have its butthole displayed too prominently.
                                                                                               whats the difference between a bdsm slavegirl, and a mosquito? the mosquito stops sucking if you slap it.
                                                                                      yoda: *dies and fades away* luke: thank god. i was so sick of his backward talking. ghost yoda: heard that, i did.
                                                                        i tried talking to this hot girl and she put her hand up and said i only think with my dick so i told her to blow my mind, then.
                                                                                                      a leaf and an emo fall from a tree. who hits the ground first? the leaf. the rope stopped the emo.
                                                                                                                              donald trump &amp; mexican are at a restaurant on the border mexican grill
                                                                [blind date] (don't let her know ur a dog walker) "so what do u do?" well, i'm like a- [13 dogs jump up on the table and eat her dinner]
                                                                         before there was roofies, a caveman would just club a bitch and take her home. that's why they call the hook up spot "the club"
                                                                  sensible dad: i'd like to buy 3 'fleeks' & 7 'swags' for my son. "sir this is urban outfitters" do you have any 'baes'? "please leave"
                                                                   what's the difference between a baby and a watermelon? (kinda dark) one's fun to smash with a hammer, the other is a delicious snack.
                                                                                                                                                             absolutely is my favourite nothing to do...
                                                                                                               trees put cats in their hair so they can flirt with firefighters when they climb up them.
                                                                                                                                                      how do you study for a prostate exam? by cramming.
                                                                           if you lose a tooth in a bar fight and put it under your pillow, the tooth fairy will leave you $100 because you're hardcore.
                                                                                                                                  if humans can grow up to 8 feet... why do i only ever see them with 2?
                                                                                             i just smoked so much pot that i tried to order one of the dishes of food off the scrolling instagram menu.
                                                     what's the difference between you and a mallard with a cold? one's a sick duck and.... ....i can't remember how it ends, but your mother's a whore.
                                                                                                      what is it called when an old priest and a nun having sex both crap in the bed? holy fucking shit.
                                                            hey ther delilah wats it like in gotham city is the joker stil in jail-- sory-- i mean-- u look so prety yes u do batman is not as cool as u
                                                                                                                                            what do you call a woman who dyes her hair red? transginger.
      a three-legged dog walks into a saloon in the old west a three-legged dog walks into a saloon in the old west. he slides up to the bar and announces: ''i'm looking for the man who shot my paw.''
                                                                                                                  how do you make your girlfriend scream during sex? call her and tell her all about it.
                                                                               i recently bought some shoes from my drug dealer... i don't know what he laced them with, but i've been tripping all day.
                                                            he told me i cut my steak like a serial killer, so i whispered "what makes you think this is steak?" while i stroked his thigh with a knife.
                                                                                                                                                 if you're afraid of elevators take steps to avoid them.
                                                                                                                       why do bald men cut holes in there pockets? to run their hands through their hair
                                                                                                                                                      i got some weed and hoes. let's do some gardening!
                                                                                                                 have you heard about that hot thai lounge singer? yeah. they call him *frank sriracha.*
                                                            him: what are u wearing me: i am wreathed in void, an emptiness which admits no light or life & signals the end of all things him: thats hot
                                                                                                     welcome to ghosts anonymous. nice to see such a spirited turnout. *all of the ghosts boo in unison*
                                                                                                             what do you call an organised rebellion with twice as many people as usual? a sedan d'etat.
                                                                                                      why doesn't anyone care about the plot in porn? because, nobody appreciates good friction anymore.
                                                                                              how big is a circum? one of my friends said his dick was circumcised, and i was curious how big those are.
                                                                                                                               went to see a psychic without an appointment and he wasn't expecting me ?
                                                                                                                                                    how do japanese chihuahuas say hello? konnichihuahua
                                                                                                                                                  nsfw your dick's like mt. everest it's hard to get up.
                                                                        donald trump put out an ad that said, "i can make you a millionaire in three months" with one small caveat... billionaires only.
                                                               did you know that mark zuckerberg and the guy who played the blue power ranger are cousins? just not to each other. but they are cousins.
                                                            this is ur captain. sory for descending thru another cloud but ralph told me it was posible to land on one of these things so we keep trying
                                                                 weight discrimination and fat-shaming are a real problem in our society. do you know what the worst source of fat-shaming is? a mirror.
                                                                                                                                               what do you call two crows on a branch? attempted murder.
                                                                                                                                                      if ball is life, where is the afterlife? ballhalla
                                                                                                               warning... corny level is over 9000... what do you call a billionaire fish? a gillionaire
                                                                                                                                       if you miss your ex steady aim, control breathing, and fire again
                                                                                                                                 the reason i love mushrooms cause just like mushrooms... i'm a fun guy.
                                                                                                                                                                    joke: the swearing parrot  geanostra
                                                                                                                   when i was 5, my uncle bob asked me to sit on his lap. it was quite touching, really.
                                                                     why the big pause................................? said the man in the pub to the bear. first heard this joke told by eddie izzard.
                                                                 in a marriage it's always a competition to see who can look busier, hence why i sighed and shook my head repeatedly while writing this.
                                                                                                                                                      how do you make antifreeze? take away her blanket!
                                                                                                 what is the difference between a feminist and a hockey player? a hockey player showers after 3 periods.
                                                                                                 jimmy eat world jimmy sorry jimmy not know you were saving it jimmy pick up another one on the way home
                                                                                                                                              an anus gets into a fight with two guys at a bar he rectum
                                                                                                        i'm thankful to live in a time where i can use social media without having to use social skills.
                                                                                                                               why do girls wear makeup and perfume? 'cause they're ugly and they stink.
                         they're like plastic slippers wearing crocs is like getting your dick sucked by a dude. it feels great... until you look down and realize your a fag. that is all - carry on :)
                                                                               in liverpool, you'll never walk alone. there will always be other visitors to the city who've had their cars stolen, too.
                                                                                                                      absence makes the heart grow fonder... of someone else, who isn't quite as absent.
                                                                                                                                         me and my mates are in a band called duvet. we're a cover band.
                                                                                                                    stabbed myself in the eye with a yellow pen and now everything looks all instagramy.
                                                                                                 how does a black women know she's pregnant? when she pulls put her tampon the cotton i'd already picked
                                                                                                     my ice maker broke and now i have to make ice, in trays. i'll be on pinterest looking for a recipe.
                                                                                                                                   i like my women like i like my coffee... ground up and in the freezer
                                                                                                                           what do you call a midget psychic wanted for murder? a small medium at large.
                                                                                                                                                                     my pet peeve: ketchup bottle precum
                     why do girls wear makeup and perfume? because they're ugly, and they smell bad [and hate jokes](http://www.reddit.com/r/funny/comments/d2gmw/why_do_girls_wear_makeup_and_perfume/)
                                                                                                                                   what do you say to a chav that has got a job? bigmac and fries please
                                                                                                                   how much does a plumber make in an hour? it depends on how much crack he can produce.
                                                                                                                optimistic thought of the day: you are always 1/3 of the way towards having a threesome.
                                                                                                                you know, there's one thing i have yet to witness in life. a crippled stand-up comedian.
                                                                                                                                                                               nice try, pg-13 comedies.
                                                                                                                                      cinderella walks into a bar... "i'd like a glass of shoes, please"
                                                                                                                                       why does a fly hang upside down ? to take the weight of its feet.
                                                    three nuns are sitting on a park bench. then a man comes up and exposes himself to them. two of them have a stroke. but the third one couldn't reach
                                                                                                                                                       how do you make a prepubescent laugh? heh, pubes.
                                                                                                    my wife told me to stop listening to wonderwall with the volume all the way up and i said mayyybeeee
                                                                                                                                         i dream of a world where even lactose is tolerated by everyone.
                                                                                                                         why is hillary clinton unfit to be president? because she doesn't go to the gym
                                                                "the concept of romantic love is obsolete in the modern era" i declare loudly to no one in particular as i grab for another dinner roll.
                                                                                                                                         why did jesus leave the dance floor? because it was hammertime'
                                                                                                        it isn't until your kids start talking back that you realize dogs would've been a better option.
                                                                                   i was thinking about going as a band-aid for halloween... but i decided against it. it would be too hard to pull off.
                                                                                                             why do girls like me more when i'm preparing potatoes? because they find me more appealing.
                                               my mate just rang me in tears... his wife has left him, taken his prized bob marley collection and the satellite dish. poor bastard.. no woman, no sky...
                                                                                                                                                       9/10 people think that mobbing at work is okay...
                                                                                                                          did you hear about that guy who had his penis enlarged? he's much cockier now.
                                                                                                            i was born on 09.11.2001 and i suffer of autism cause: the stork crashed and i'v hit my head
                                                                                                                                                  on what kind of ships do students study? scholarships.
                                                                                                 how do you know when to use "fridge" or "refrigerator"? open it, if there's a 'd' in it, it's a fridge.
                                                                                                                       how did cows feel when the branding iron was  invented? they were very impressed!
                                                                                                       why can't chinese people eat swans? they don't have a pitchfork. (this is a music reference joke)
                        business trip the wife asked me, "when you're away on a business trip, do you think about me?" apparently "only to stop myself from coming too quickly" wasn't the right answer.
                                                                                                                                   maybe don't show me a picture if you don't want me to rate your baby.
                                                                                                                                                      gravity is such a slut she goes down on everything
                                                                                                                           why don't soccer players get hot while running? because they hve so many fans
                                                                         me: excuse me, where are your nails that twist? worker: you mean screws? me: i don't know, i'm not a nail scientist. worker....
                                                                                         football legend michael owen has announced he's releasing a new fragrance it's going to be called "my cologne".
                                                                              the only reason millienials want to see trump become president.. because we've never seen a president assassinated before.
                                                                                                                  my doctor told me not to eat anything fatty... ...my wife is going to be disappointed.
                                                                                                                      tissues are for tearful issues and for when people think it's funny but it's snot.
                                                                                                                  \r\jokes has the funniest most original content but at least i don't have alzheimer's.
                                                                                                                                           how do you titallate an ocelot? you oscillate its tits a lot.
                                                                                                                                                                           what's brown and sticky? poo!
                                                                                                                                                                    it's a vagina, not a small business!
                                        what's the difference between mick jagger and a scottsman? mick jagger says "hey, you, get off of my cloud!" a scottsman says "hey, mccloud, get off of my ewe!"
                                                                                                       q. what creature has the best aptitude for engineering ? a. the spider -- it has its own website.
                                                                                             i'm basically switzerland. i'm cold and you have to get really high in order to truly appreciate my beauty.
                             last night a police officer knocked on my door and said "sir, it looks like your mother in law has been hit by a bus" i replied " i know, but she has a great personality."
                                                                                                                                                      [on a speed date] usually i prefer cocaine but wow
                                                                                                                                                                      how does james bond sleep? around.
                                                                                                                how do you turn a duck into a soul singer put it in the microwave until its bill withers
                                                                                                                        hey guys, i just saved a bunch of money on my flood insurance by not having any.
                                                                  airport security: has anyone put anything in your luggage without your knowledge, sir? sir: how the hell am i supposed to answer that?
                                                                                                                   i called my friend in north korea and asked how he was. he said he couldn't complain.
                                                        i was in a horrible accident a few years ago, and i suffered some brain damage and lost feeling to my whole left side. i'm feeling all right now
                                                   did you hear about the woman who had to quit her job as an air traffic controller to date a monk? she got out of the flying plans and into the friar.
                                                                                                                                                            what do you call a gay wizard? a broromancer
                                                                                  currently searching the want ads for a place that will pay a good salary for me to just curl up in a ball and give up.
                                                                         edison stole the idea for the lightbulb from the lightbulb that appeared above his head when he got the idea for the phonograph
                                              "two blondes" fell down in a hole two blondes fell down in a hole. one said, "it's dark in here isn't it?" the other replied, "i don't know; i can't see!"
                                                                                                                                           what do you call a french organized crime detective? j'accuza
                                                                                                                                                                           sadly, my day requires pants.
                                                                                                                                       according to webmd, i have a client error due to 400 bad request.
                                                                                                     fun fact: the person who said "if you love something let it go" died alone, surrounded by 342 cats.
                                                                              what's the difference between a campfire and a bedroom? when things start heating up in the bedroom, the wood gets wetter.
                                                                     how many dads does it take to change a light bulb? two. one to put it in and one to complain that he never screws anything anymore.
                                                                                                                         spin the bottle is a lot like russian roulette if there's an ugly person there.
                                                                                                                                             what do you call a human organ cut in half ? a human piano.
                                                                                                    what's the difference between a hooker and a drug dealer? a hooker can wash her crack and resell it.
                                                                                                                                                   would a lion cheat on his wife? no, but a tiger wood.
                                                                                                           i only sleep with my laptop so that if i ever get a boyfriend i'll be used to sharing the bed
                                                                                                                                         they organized a lookalike competition in china. everybody won!
                                                                                                              why do black people always have nightmares? because we shot the last one that had a dream.
                                                                                                              what is the difference between a pizza and a black guy? a pizza can feed a family of four!
                                                                                                                                                            what do you call a singing computer? a dell.
                                                                                                                   my mexican friend was babbling hysterically but i just couldn't understand his panic.
                                                                                                                                       i don't think so unnamed henchman shooting at the main character.
                                                                                                                 ever wonder why you don't see the energizer bunny anymore? he got arrested for battery.
                                                                                                                      i debated suicide... i debated suicide by sudoku once. i wanted my death to count.
                                                                                                                                           what kind of gay sex are u havung http://youtu.be/kwok0xh_dv8
                                                                                                                          jon snow is an idiot he should've just given their watch back when they asked.
                                                                                                                                          why are neutralization reations illegal? they involve assault.
                                                                                                                                           how does a woman pick up donald trump? with a pooper-scooper.
                                                                                                       what do you call a well read/researched bernie sanders supporter? not a bernie sanders supporter.
                                                                                                                 what's the best part about showering with a 5 year-old? the water washes away her tears
                                                                      my local bar had an amateur magic night, a gay magician sat on a bar stool and made it disappear. thank you, i'll walk myself out.
                                                                                                                                                                               what did o say to q? xyz.
                                                                                                                                  knock knock who's there ! bhuto ! bhuto who ? bhuto-n the other foot !
                                                                                                             "can i axe you something?" is actually grammatically correct, if you're a polite lumberjack
                                                                       what is the difference between a symphonic orchestra and a bull? the bull has its horns in the front and the asshole in the back!
                                                                                                          i'd like to see a world without plagerism you may say i'm a dreamer, but i'm not the only one.
                                                                    i brought a can of wd-40 with me on a first date it had been a while since my last date, and i was afraid i might be a little rusty.
                                                                                                                          girlfriend: "does this dress make me look fat?" me: "stop blaming the dresses.
                                                                                                                                                             i am running out of people i actually like.
                                                                                                                                                                     scientology: the study of scientol.
                                                             happy birthday to you. happy birthday to you. welcome to the jungle. happy birthday to you. - christina aguilera at a kid's birthday party.
                                                                                                                                        i like my men like i like my coffee i'm mormon. i'm not allowed.
                                                                                             it's important for a dentist to know advanced mathematics they often have to deal with calculus on the job.
                                                                                                           [having a problem with my iphone] me: *texting myself* test me: *replies* i have a girlfriend
                                                                my parents never allowed violent video games. just family-friendly board games with questions like, "who murdered this guy with a pipe?"
                                                                                                                        what would you have if all autos in the us were painted pink? a pink car nation!
                                                            beth on facebook "can't believe its monday again already"... if only there were some way for her to calculate the order in which days occur.
                                                                                                                                               that's the last time i play twister with a guy in a kilt.
                                                              i've accepted that my brother is never paying back that money i loaned him... i've lost interest, and i'm just giving up on the principal.
                                                               starting a diet is a lot like starting a lawn mower, you struggle and sweat and end up on the couch eating ice cream with your shirt off.
                                                                            are cucumbers the only food you can put over your eyes to reduce puffiness because these pizza bagels aren't helping at all.
                                                                                                                                                    i'm not schizophrenic, but he is (points at nothing)
                                                                                                                                       communist lesbians are the strongest kind they use fists of steel
                                                                                                           my boss really hates that i shortened his name to dick.... especially since his name is steve
                                                                                                                            show him you care by leaving the message "i see you" on his bathroom mirror.
                                                                                                                                               what do you call a carpenter who needs fewer nails? jesus
                                                                                                                                            tried to unlock my door with a banana. how am i still alive?
                                                                                         why are there no headache tablets in the jungle? because the parrots-eat-em-all. thank you, i'm here all night.
                                                                                                        ain't no party like a neal brennan party cuz neal brennan quietly resents you for making a mess.
                                                                                                                      i used to be in an animal rights group... but that was before i screwed the pooch.
                                                                                                                              i like my women how i like my wood... ...flat as a board and easy to nail.
                                                                                                                                                          what do you say after you read a book? reddit!
                                                               if you get nervous when the it support desk takes control of your computer remember they're whispering "no weirdos please" to themselves.
                                                                                                                                              a fly walks into a bar... and asks: "is this stool taken?"
                                                                  he paid me $150 for the "girlfriend experience," so i went through his phone then locked myself in the bathroom, sobbing inconsolably.
                                                                                                                                                               where do two electrons race? on a circuit
                                                                                                                                                why can't moccasins play the blues? they've got no sole.
                                                                                                                                              how is /r/jokes like the green movement? reuse and recycle
                                                                                                                             riding a big girl is like riding a moped... its okay until someone sees you
                                                                                                                                        never make the same mistake twice. make it three times. be sure.
                                                                                                                                              i love the way the earth rotates... it really makes my day
                                                                                                                                              most people have 32 teeth, some have 10. it's simple meth.
                                                                    in addition to billie chin and little sammy chong, there is another character in carl douglas's "kung fu fighting." expert tai ming.
                                                                                                                                                  i pull more tail.. ..than a slow kid at a petting zoo.
                                                                              every time i hear a mean joke about canadians, i go to the hospital right away and get my feelings checked. ...for free...
                                            i like guys marrying my sister like i like my pinata coladas full of rum! (currently attempting to write a best man speech for my soon to be brother in law)
                                                                                                                                            drug mules carry cannabis up their asses. that shit is dope.
                                                                  to convince my boss that i'm keeping busy, i periodically yell "you think this is a game?" into my phone, then slam down the receiver.
                                                                                                                                                *seductively tries to take off sock with his other foot*
                                                                                                                                                 what is dr. seuss' favorite play? green eggs and hamlet
                                                                                                           i got kicked out of a store trying to buy condoms all i wanted was to use their fitting room!
                                                                                               what's the difference between a circus and a strip club? one has cunning stunts the other has stunning...
                                                                                                                         there is a new barbie doll on the market -  bugs barbie ...buck teeth long ears
                                                                                                      the first time a girl walked up to me and gave me her number i didn't know what to do so i ate it.
                                                                                                                             lpt: next time you want to tell someone facing you "my right" just say left
                                                                                                                                           what's the most popular family car in norway? the fjord focus
                                                                               places in japan nowadays have banned some of the traditional martial arts, they have adopted a strictly no kendo attitude
                                                                                                                                       the past, present, and future walk into a bar... ...it was tense.
                                                                                                                                               where to dogs who lost their tails go? to a retail store.
                                                                                                    i don't really like "your mum" jokes because they're a lot like your mum. they're really easy to do.
                                                                                                              i used to work with this black lady who had one arm and one leg... ...we called her elbony
                                                           how many irish does it take to screw in a lightbulb? two. one to hold it in the socket and the other to drink until the room starts spinning!
                                                                                                 what is the worst thing you want to hear from a doctor giving you a prostate exam? "look ma, no hands!"
                                                                                                                         why did the scot screw the sheep on the edge of a cliff? so it would push back.
                                                                               my local's rough as anything. i went to the pub quiz the other night-first question was what the f*ck are you looking at?
                                                                                              what is the difference between a terrorist hideout and a school? how should i know? i just fly the drones.
        do you want to hear a bad joke? *my life* sorry if that was not likeable and miserable, *just like my face* okay, i am going to stop before it gets too dark and too empty, *just like my soul.*
                                                           a brother and sister are having sex the sister tells her brother: you are better than dad. to which the brother replies: i know, mom told me.
                                                                                                                                                                                a:1:{s:7:"retweet";i:1;}
                                                                                                                              what's the hardest part of rollerblading? telling your parents you're gay.
                             what's the difference between the rolling stones and a scottsman? the rolling stones say "hey! you! get off of my cloud!" and a scottsman says "hey mcleod, get of me ewe!"
                                                                                                                                               i threw caution to the wind.caution is my little brother.
                                                                                                                              if a bulldog and a shitzu mated, their off-spring would be called a dog-zu
                                                                                                                        what do you get if you cross dracula with sir lancelot? a bite in shining armor.
                                                                                                                                 women treat me like god. they only talk to me when they need something.
                                                                                      jesus walks into a hotel and hands the receptionist a couple of nails and asks... can you put me up for the night?
                                                                          after two months, i finally finished reading a book on herbs &amp; spices it's about thyme. bet you didn't see that one cumin.
                                                                                a sure fire way to lose a afternoon, is to help a friend out when he says "come on it will only take a half hour to fix"
                                                                                                                                        what do apple and titanic have in common? they both killed jack.
                                                                                                                   whenever i catch someone talking about me behind my back i tell them you discussed me
                                                                                                        when toasting the holidays republicans ask for eggnog or mulled wine. democrats ask for a "bud."
                                                                                                                                                                    i am aging as gracefully as a banana
                                                                                                                          if at first you don't succeed, you're probably assembling furniture from ikea.
                                                                                                                                                          what's brown and rhymes with snoop? ...dr. dre
                                                                                                                        i like to think that hobos that talk to themselves are just recording a podcast.
                                                                                                                                                 what do you call cheese that's not yours? nacho cheese!
                                                                                                                                                  skunks are just mean cats with asshole powers. get it?
                                                                                                        why do seagulls fly over the sea? because if they flew over the bay they would be called bagels.
                                                              welcome to insults  us, you sack of crap. buy some stuff if you're not too cheap. maybe eat out of a garbage can. you'd probably like that
                                                                                                                                           [my wedding] me: i do guests: awww me: or do i? guests: ooooo
                                                                                                                                      what do you call a woman that won't make a sandwich? an ambulance.
                                                                     you know the difference between st. patrick's day and martin luther king jr. day? on st. patrick's day, everyone wants to be irish.
                                                                                       did you hear about the buddhist who refused novocaine during a root canal? his goal: transcend dental medication.
                                                                                                                                                what does a fish say when it swims into a wall? ....dam.
                                                                                                       my cat just told me to stop talking during the movie. maybe homemade psychedelics were a bad idea
                                                                                                                                             what do you get when you sit under a cow? a pat on the head
                                                                                          what exactly had the "now that's what i call music!" guy been listening to before? sound fx cds? whale noises?
                                                                                                                                why don't geordies use scales? because they can weigh things by eye man.
                                                                                                                                  where do they send jewish kids that have have adhd? concentration camp
                                                                                                                                                                yay! the democrats won the world series!
                                                                                                                           why didn't the piglets listen to the teacher pig? because he was an old boar.
                                  what's the sound of a one-handed corpse clapping? dead silence. what's the sound of a one-handed zombie clapping? undead silence. thanks to my gaming group for those.
                                                                                                                      one day youtube, twitter, and facebook join together and be called.... youtwitface
                                                                                                                what do you call a man in an iron suit flying by the king of the north? a stark contrast
                                                                                                                                                                   what is brown and sticky? a stick....
                                                                                                                                                 did you hear about that nightclub for birds? was rave'n
                                                                                                                                                          i like my coffee like i like my slaves... free
                                                                  [meeting girlfriend's parents] me: well mrs. ashford, i can see where elle gets her good looks! <mr. ashford sulks the rest of dinner>
                                                                                         i'm not saying the wife's a bit rough but you can see all the blokes on the beach dressing her with their eyes.
                                                                                                             uhm, excuse me waiter... i'd like to return my food. it only received 5 likes on instagram.
                                                                                                           i'm going to use a bomb to break into fort knox. edit: wow this blew up! thanks for the gold!
                                                                                                                                                                terrible invention pitch: decaf red bull
                                                                                                                                      i wonder if captain america ever borrows money from captain china.
                                                                                                                              i changed my major from being an actuary. i just couldn't handle the risk.
                                                                                                              i went to a feminist picnic the other day it sucked. no one cooked or made any sandwiches.
                                                                                                                  my friend tried to get an anal piercing and failed... they're still butthurt about it.
                                                                                                                                                     what's the difference between men and women? agenda
                                                                                                   if strippers are now called "exotic dancers" then drug dealers should be called "exotic pharmacists".
                                                                                                                             what do you call a muslim organization that rejects muhammed? a non-prophet
                                       a young wife was dying... she called her husband and said, "gary, i have a confession: i've been unfaithful." gary answered, "i know. that's why i poisoned you."
                                                                                                                    one of donald trump's slogans is america first! we'll rob the other countries later.
                                                                                                                               how the does man give his dead batteries away? free of charge, of course.
                                                                                                       when is the most likely time that a stray dog will walk into your house ? when the door is open !
                                                                                                                                                   i'm not a fan of nascar... i believe in equal rights.
                                                                                                                   knock knock who's there ! butter ! butter who ? butter wrap up - it's cold out here !
                                                                                                             there are 16 types of people in the world those who understand hexadecimal, and f the rest.
                                                                                                                                                    what is a suicide bombers worse fear? dying alone...
                                                                                                  my wife's star sign was cancer and it's quite ironic how she died... she was attacked by a giant crab.
                                                               can i take your order? yeah, lemme get a mcrib and a large coke. sir, this is wallgreens ok, make it a bottle of xanax, and some pringles
                                                                                                                          why can't a dog clap in the middle of a movie? because it keeps hitting pause.
                                                                                                                                 did you hear about the girl who resembles a rat? she comes from verminy
                                                       why it is important that you grow mustaches? so that when you lick pussy they absorb the acids and therefore protect your teeth from falling off.
                                                                                                                                how do you turn a fruit into a vegetable? hit that faggot with your car.
                                                                                                                                so richard simmons is getting a sex change. finally going to be a man...
                                                                                   before you judge a woman, walk a mile in her shoes. after that who cares? she's a mile away and you've got her shoes.
                                                                                                                                   i'm reading the newspaper with a vengeance. this time it's personals.
                                                                                                  if mature woman who likes young men is a cougar. what is a mature man who likes young women? an inmate
                                                             hi i'm 37 yrs old. according to folklore, i've swallowed 259 spiders, 47 moths, 3 coyotes, and a grizzly bear in my sleep since i was born.
                                                                                                                                                             what is a boxer's favorite meal? break-fist
                                                                                                           why would anyone become an architect when everything you do gets destroyed in an x-men movie?
                                                                                                                         there isn't anything that keeps you awake at night like a case of the what ifs.
                                                                                                                                           men are like lava lamps.  fun to look at but not very bright.
                                                                                                                                                  it's not a walk of shame if you leave on a pogo stick.
                                                                                            how excited are you, on a scale from 1 to white woman who just found out that this dinner party has sangria?
                                                                disease doesn't care if you are a celebrity, micheal j. fox has battled parkinson for 22 years, and jamie lee curtis is super irregular!
                                                                                                                                 no, i'm not damaging my liver. i'm about to sterilize it using alcohol.
                                                                                       the saddest thing about trying to find a needle in a haystack is that your horse is hiding a drug habit from you.
                                                                                                                            did you hear about the guy that threw away a duck? he got down in the dumps.
                                                                                                                  my new year's resolution is to help all my friends gain ten pounds so i look skinnier.
                                                                                                           why did the lizard use viagra? he had a reptile dysfunction! credit goes to gilbert gottfried
                                                                                                                                                                   north korea's launch code         b a
                                                                                                                                                     what do dumbfounded people eat for desert? geezcake
                                                             nothing screams passive agressive quite like letting your spouse sleep in, while also letting the kids play loudly outside the bedroom door
                                                                 lol there's like 20 guys w/ "female body inspector" windbreakers that's hilarious they're seizing my hard drive & business records lmao
                                                                                                             i had a childhood friend who had a speech impediment needless to say, i kick ass at mad gab
                                                                                                                                                                    i broke my arm playing golf today...
                                                     i was astonished to learn that the meat in subway was slaughtered in a traditional muslim way. i mean how the fuck do they fit a rucksack on a cow?
                                                                                                                                                 did you hear about the suicidal comedian? he fell flat.
                                                                                                                                   if fire hydrants have h2o inside them, what do they have outside? k9p
                                                                       what did the necropheliac say to her boyfriend? did rigor mortis just set in, or are you just happy to see me? edit: i'm an idiot
                                                                                                            6 made coffee for me this morning, i'm now thinking that she can never move out of the house
                                                                                                                                  this one is new in the market.. sometimes blonde jokes are so blonde..
                                                                                                                         what did one math book say to the other math book? we've got a lot of problems.
                                                              nitrogen monoxide having nitrogen monoxide as parents would really suck. every time you ask them for something, they'd just be like, "no".
                                                                                                                                      why can't bicycles stand on their own? because they are two tired.
                                                                                                                                                          if life gives you melons... check for dyslexia
                                                                                               how are third party candidates like soccer? they're only really popular in america once every four years.
                                                                                                                                                                            what do u call a jew? jewish
                                                                                                                         knock knock who's there? alzheimer's alzheimer's who? to get to the other side!
                    trump gets elected president.. on inauguration day, he swears in as president. before delivering his inauguration speech, he turns to obama and says "president obama, you're fired"
                                                              i find the biggest difference in canada vs the us is they don't put your lids on for you at starbucks and exponentially less gun violence.
                                                                                                       what did saddam hussein and little miss muffett have in common? they both had kurds in their way!
                                                            give a man a fish, he can eat for a day. give a man another fish, "hey man where's that fish i gave you monday? you ate it?! it was a pet!!"
                                                                                                                                                       what do you call a fat physic? a four-chin teller
                       my boss wants to take me to lunch... i ask him, "where do you want to go? are burgers cool?" he said, "i'll eat pretty much anything, except for fish." i reply, "your poor wife"
                                          in a philosophy class... professor: sometimes an idiot's question is too hard for even 10 geniuses to answer. one student pipes up: no wonder i fail my tests.
                                                                                                 what's the difference between prayer in church and prayer in a casino? in a casino, you really mean it.
                                                                                                                                                                        my mute grandfather always said:
                                                                                                                            last year i joined a support group for antisocial people.we haven't met yet.
                                                                                                                                                     take your ex out tonight (one bullet oughtta do it)
                                                                                                  hell hath no fury like a 4 year old whose sandwich has been cut into squares when he wanted triangles.
                                                                                   date: this place is so fancy me: ever have a guy splurge on you before? date: well, only when we didn't have a condom
                                                                                   hi, i'm from brazil and i can't go to the backyard, i'm afraid my german shepherd will laugh instead of bark at me...
                                                                                                                    what do you call a self absorbed lobster? a little shellfish! i'll^see^myself^out...
                                                                                         best year of my life! last year was the best year of my life. broke my neck and i have never looked back since.
                                                                                                 the next fast and the furious should just be two hours of a guy doing steroids inside of a nissan cube.
                                                                                                                     why don't black people go on cruises? they're not going to fall for that one again.
                                                                                                                                                               be alert! ... the world needs more lerts.
                                                                                        what sets apart anal sex and regular sex? regular sex can make your day, but anal sex can make your hole weak...
                                                                                                                                                     i'm no photographer, but i can picture us together.
                                                                                                                                            did you hear about the fight in the bathroom? shit went down
                                                                                         how many feminists does it take to screw in a lightbulb? two. one to screw in the bulb and one to suck my dick.
                                                                                         how many karma whores does it take to change a lightbulb? when this gets 500 upvotes, i'll tell you the answer.
                                                                                                                                   whats the difference between an atheist, a christian and a dog? dogma
                                                                                                     what did the man quietly say to himself after farting in a crowded elevator? thanks a lot, asshole.
                                                                                                    restaurant activity: walk over to a table of strangers and ask, "who ordered the farts?" then, fart.
                                                                                                                                                                             hoh hoh hoh it's a wet joke
                                                                                 me: hmm. my biggest weakness? tough question. i guess some people say i'm delusional uber driver: i didn't say anything
                                                               what do a 9 volt battery and a woman's asshole have in common? you know you don't want to, but eventually you are going to lick them both
                                                                                                                              what did the atom say when it lost an electron? i better keep an ion that.
                                                                                                                                                              don't trust atoms they make up everything.
                                                                                    i was the kid your mom made you invite to your birthday party who then started crying and had to be picked up early.
          i run a suicide hotline. a guy called me once, told me i had 60 seconds to convince him not to jump off his balcony on the 41st floor. he must've confused me with the *anti*-suicide hotline.
                                                                                          how many dead babies does it take to change a lightbulb? well it's not eight, 'cause my basement is still dark
                                                                                                             what's the difference between a hippo and a zippo? nobody ever wants to borrow my hippo :-(
                                                                                                                                                         how do you turn a fruit into a vegetable? aids.
                         a blonde takes her dress into the dry cleaners... on the way out the lady at the counter says "come again!" the blonder replies "no, this time it's toothpaste you nosy bitch!"
                                                            boss: you're not fired but we're taking away all your responsibilities. me: cool, a promotion! boss: no-- me: sounds like a promotion to me.
                                                                                                           girl are u a hyperlink in an email from my grandma, because i think u gave me a serious virus
                                                                                                         zombie 1: why do we eat brains? zombie 2: because. it's food for thought! haha zombie 1: [sigh]
                                                                                                                                       i haven't seen the u.s. drop two on japan that quickly since 1945
                                                                                                 why do you forget a tooth as soon as the  dentist pulls it out? because it goes right out of your head.
                                                                                                                                                         what squeaks as it solves crimes ? miami mice !
                                                                                                                                you what's great about dick jokes? they're just so easy to slip in there
                                                                                                                                i love going climbing with my friends... they never fail to let me down.
                                                                              give a man a fish, and you'll feed him for a day; give him a religion, and he'll starve to death while praying for a fish.
                                                                                                                                                  i need a joke for a medical residency interview! halp!
                                                                  if you can't handle me at my worst, you're probably that gutless outback steakhouse shift manager who called the cops on me last night
                                                                                                   carl was annoying carl walked into a street shop. the first thing he did was cough very loudly. e b 9
                                                                                                                                         why did the viper want to become a python?  he got the coiling.
                                                                                                                                     how can a line be both short and long? it's a long line of midgets!
                                                                                                                                       what do you wear when it's raining homophobia? a straight jacket.
                                                                                                  did you know the triathlon was invented by a gypsy he walked to the swimming pool and rode a bike home
                                                                                                                                         i would tell you an ebola joke... but you probably won't get it
                                                                                                                                           why are chickens racist? they are all in the coop clucks clan
                                                                                                                                                                                     55378008 calculator
                                                                                             did you hear that one of santa's reindeer now works for proctor and gamble? its true....comet cleans sinks!
                                                                                                                    reasons to jump: 1. trampoline 2. skydiving 3. bungee jumping 4. kris kross made you
                                                                                        i always feel like i'm wasting a text message whenever i respond with just "k." now i write "potassium" instead.
                                                                                                                                              i'm not a reddit admin... but 20 mcnuggets is 20 mcnuggets
                                                              whenever i meet a guy named paul, i ask if it's short for paula, then i laugh & laugh & laugh & laugh & laugh & making friends is hard. :(
                                                          last valentine's day i recieved so many cards from my girlfriends that i couldn't open the front door... because my wife had the locks changed
                                                                                                        i'm just looking for a woman who is smart, funny & can drive a getaway car tomorrow morning at 8
                                                                                            playboy bunnies are weird. who decided that women look sexier dressed up as half-human half-rabbit monsters?
                                                                                                        if the other driver had stopped a few yards behind himself the accident would not have happened.
                                                             hello, room service? yes, in order to make my fort structurally sound i'm gonna need 9 more pillows brought to room 355 bring ice cream too
            so, a female friend asked me for my honest, unbiased opinion of her... ...on a scale from 1 to 10. i looked her up and down and said, quickly, "you're an eight." i think she peed a little.
                                                                                                                       why do women have smaller feet than men? so that they can get closer to the sink.
                                                                 all i'm saying is, the minute canada starts refining its maple syrup reserves into weapons-grade aunt jemimium, we're all french toast.
                                                                                                                                                 9 out of 10 depressed people are not positive thinkers.
                                                                                                                   you heard about the new jewish designed car? it stops on a dime... &amp; picks it up.
                                                                                                      don't forget to sacrifice your own personal goals to live up to someone else's expectations today!
                                            its been really hot in seattle lately, so i converted my dishwasher into an air conditioner the other day. how? i handed my wife a hand fan to keep me cool.
                                                                                                         so my girlfriend thinks i'm stalking her. well, she's not a my girlfriend but she will be soon.
                                                                                                                                                                                         inncocent child
                                                                                                                                                                      "omelet you finish," -kanyegg west
                                                               elf cop: you have the right to remain splendiferous! anything you say will be wonderful-funderful! you criminal: pls just take me to jail
                                                                                                            what do you get for opening the best vietnamese soup joint in london? a great big pho queue.
                                                                                                             what do you call a skydiving tonsil who's afraid that something bad might happen? paranoid!
                                                                        my girlfriend was just killed in a car accident. devastating. i can't believe i'm only going to have sex with her one more time.
                                                                                                                from now on when skinny girls say they're fat i'm just gonna be like, "yup" & walk away.
                                                                                                                                          the pleasure is all mine... the greeting of a greedy hedonist.
                                                                                                                                                        when did sean connery get to wimbledon? tennish.
                                                                                                                     if girls with big boobs work at hooters, where does a girl with one leg work? ihop.
                                                              how to be a white girl: 1.) get a frappuccino from starbucks 2.) take a picture drinking it 3.) instagram it 4.) hash tag 'summerrrrrrrrr'
                                                                                                                               q: in church, why do they sing hymns and not hers? a: they're misogynists
                                                             boss approaches, i frantically close my google image search of cats hugging, only to show a new window of cats in formal wear. i get fired.
                                                                                                                        "i would describe your butt as a 7/10..." "...there's a crack and a hole in it."
                                                                                                                        i like telling people i'm 4 months pregnant so they'll tell me how great i look.
                                                                                        do buses and trains run on time? usually yes.  no they don't. buses run on wheels and trains run on the  tracks.
                                                                                                                                                               why do pretty faces happen to bad people?
                                  feminism! q: how many feminists does it take to change a baby's diaper? a: don't be silly, feminists can't change anything. and besides, where would they find a baby!
                                                                                                                               what would you get if you crossed halloween with christmas? a ghoul yule!
                                                                                                                                                                        "crocodile after awhile." - yoda
                                                                                  how do you know you're playing a jewish football team (american football) on defense, they only run the dime formation
                                                                                                  til that there are over 1 million battered women in the us. and i've been eating mine plain! who knew?
                                                                                                                            what do you call a disaster that only affected shopping malls? a catashopic.
                                                                                                                         what happened to the man who put his false  teeth in backwards? he ate himself!
                                                                                                                                  how do jedi plan for retirement? with a hoth ira. i'll see myself out.
                                                                                                                                                   how do you make an octopus laugh? give it ten-tickles
                                                                                       didja hear about the coke dealer who retired? he didn't want to put his business in other peoples' noses anymore.
                                                                                                                                    blood is thicker than water and a lot harder to clean off the walls.
                                                                                                                         you know you're old when...... you can pronounce the names of your black peers.
                                                                                                   i don't think these photographs you've taken do me justice. you don't want justice - you want mercy !
                                                                          fear factor would have been much scarier if it had just been people in their twenties trying to figure out how to have careers
                                                                                                                  my boyfriend doesn't believe in labels, which is probably why he drank all that bleach
                                                                                                                                       people of north korea: please stop asking siri where the food is.
                                                                                                                        go ahead lady, call the cops. i have witnesses that say your toddler started it.
                                                                                 you know how you can tell that your wife is a slob? when you go to piss in the sink and it's still full of dirty dishes
                                                                                                                           how do you tell if a girl is wearing no knickers by the dandruff on her shoes
                                                                                                                                                   what do you call a pushy aquatic mammal? press'n seal
                                                                                                                                                              when i get naked my shower gets turned on.
                                                                                                         what's the difference between jam and marmalade? you can't marmalade your dick up someone's ass
                                                               [office] *dolphin accidentally dials fax number fax:eephkeekakischcheeek dolphin:well, i don't normally do this. but yes i'm free tonight
                                                                                                                                                                     santa has elves. america has china.
                                                                                    i can never find my cars keys but i won't forget that time you checked out another woman at the mall four years ago.
                                                                                    as a funeral director, i always tie the shoe laces together of the deceased.the zombie apocalypse will be hilarious.
                                                                                                     blonde bicycle q: why did the blonde run with the bike? a: it was going too fast for her to get on.
                                                                                                                    breaking news: uncovered nazi documents reveal a cure for cancer was found an oven..
                                                                           jared from subway you know, if jared from subway goes to prison, he is still going to have an unlimited amount of foot longs.
                                                                                                  the only difference between you and harry potter is that his magic wand actually works oooohhh burrrrn
                                                                                         start a slow-clap in a quiet, crowded room. the first person that joins you, marry them. they're your soulmate.
                                                              obi-wan: *holding baby* let's make her a famous princess droid: what about the other baby? obi-wan:*shrugs* dump him in a desert somewhere
                                                                                             has anyone heard the joke about the magic tractor? it was driving down the road and it turned into a field.
                                                                        vicar: the bride and groom have written their own vows. *everyone lets out a huge groan as tolstoy reaches into his suit pocket*
                                                                       my university was really pissed off when they found out that i had a bsc., msc., and a phd. they really gave me the third degree.
                                                                                                                       you guys wanna hear a miscarriage joke? wait, it would probably come out wrong...
                                          what's the difference between a bag of cocaine and a seven year old? eric clapton wouldn't let a bag of cocaine fall out the window. edit: damn it he was four
                                                                i like how commercials for gum seem to be predicting a cold, dystopian future where our survival depends on the freshness of our breath.
                                                                                                                   scientists just discovered a contraceptive better than a condom it's called your face
                                                                              i want to die like my grandfather . ..peaceful . . . ready to go. not kicking and screaming like the passengers in his car
                                                                                                         i always dump a gatorade on my head before i leave the house so people think i just won sports.
                                                                                                                                                   you have the body of a god... ...too bad its a buddha
                                                                                                                             how does moses make his tea? hebrews it. that's the oldest pun in the book.
                                          a woman goes into a sex shop to buy a vibrator... she says to the guy behind the counter "give me that red one behind you" he goes "sorry a fire extinguisher"
                                                                                                                                  why couldn't the whistleblower leave his house? because he was snowden
                                                                                                                                   what is the easiest way to weigh your head? ask assistance from isis.
                                                                                                      i don't like you messing with my donkey call-center business. i'm the one with my ass on the line.
                                                                                                                                     what's black and never works? decaffeinated coffee you racist fuck.
                                                                                                                              i hate jokes about disabled people they can't even stand up for themselves
                                                                                                                                          9 out of 10 americans are stupid... i'm so glad i'm in the 1%.
                                                                                                                                                                whats pink and smells like salmon? trout
                                                                girlfriend pressuring you to have a baby? set the alarm on her phone to an infant screaming. if that doesn't changer her mind..dump her!
                                                                                                            "oh hey there, didn't recognize you with your cap on," i say flirtatiously to my toothpaste.
                                                                *burst into doctor's office* me: i'm no longer canstopetid doctor: you mean constipated me: no i've had a vowel movement doctor: get out
                                                                                                           my ex sent me a text saying "please delete my number..." i sent one back saying "who's this?"
                                                                                         [standing in driveway with wife] i thought we agreed on a prius [giant eagle pecks at saddle] no this is better
                                                                                                          these days, lots of things get either exported or imported except mexicans, they get deported.
                                                                                                                                      hey southpaw, going to lunch? of course, i also have the right ...
                                                                                        this kid at my nephew's birthday party shit his pants and got to go home. i'm seriously considering this option.
                     so an old-timer goes out for breakfast... and the young whippersnapper of a waiter asks "what will you have, sir?" "bacon my day, sonny!" [sorry/notsorry - it's how my mind works]
                                                                                                                      i tried to share a hilarious pun with my kids but they had turned on dadblock plus
                                                                                                                                            what do you call a sexually-confused arctic circle? bi-polar
               a man lovingly told his fiance "i don't have a big house or a yacht like my friend, harry, but i will love you forever." she replied, "oh, yeah. i love you too. now, who's this harry?!"
                                                                                                                                                                     remember busy signals? crazy times.
                                               my music teacher at school told me never to hit a drum again or i could get in serious trouble. i did, and he was right. there was serious re-percussions
                                                                                                                    how did the mathematician deal with his constipation? he worked it out with a pencil
                                                                                                                                             why was the bakers bread so expensive? he needed the dough.
                                                                                                             i think i invented some new kama sutra moves trying to reach the remote without getting up.
                                                                                            question and answar q: why is air a lot like sex? a: because it's no big deal unless you're not getting any.
                                                                                                       how many mexicans will make it across the border when trump becomes president? juan in a million.
                                                                                                my girlfriend and i broke up because of a difference in religious beliefs. she didn't believe i was god.
                                                                                                                                what is the best celebration to have in a french toilet? a biday party!!
                                                                                                                                                                 "i'll be back!" -boomerangs -and herpes
                                                                                                                              i've been told the best humour is self deprecating. but i'm rubbish at it.
                                                                       new expressions "kanye bless you." "kanye damn it!" "one nation, under kanye." "thank kanye almighty!" "the kanyefather, part ii"
                                                                                                                                    roses are red, so is my wine. refill my glass and i'll be just fine.
                                                                                                                                   what's brown and steaming and lies behind the barracks? gomer's pile.
                                                                                                                                   i once called a psychic. she asked who was on the line, so i hung up.
                                                                                                                                              your mama is so ugly i will slap her face off of her face!
                                                                according to the internet: xbox one - $500. - weaker hardware. - mandatory daily check-in. - requires kinect. - drm. ps4 - cures cancer.
                                                                                                                         weird how people think i won't summon satan when they talk to me while chewing.
                                                             when the character's name is the same as the actor's name i assume it's because the actor was too stupid to respond to his character's name
                                                                  north korea has lowered its missile back down after pointing it up for a few hours. turns out viagra and msg make for bad rocket fuel.
                                                                    john travolta looks like the type of guy that would leave his toupee in a truck stop urinal for hours and then wear it to a musical.
                                                                          so i asked my uncle how he felt about the ducks this season he replies "i finally know what it feels like to be a beaver fan."
                                                                                                                                                    why dont muslims play dota? because techies respawns
                                                                                                     why are black people so good at basketball? they are experienced in running, stealing and shooting.
                                                                                                               why use words you don't understand in your tweets? it just makes you look photosynthesis.
                                                                                                                         cats constantly look at you like you just asked them for a ride to the airport.
                                                                                                                                                        i'm not sure if i'm depressed or just nihilistic
                                                                                                                                                                what language do teapots speak? teabrew.
                                                                                                                                                  i want you more then a hagen-daas on a hot summer day.
                                                                                                    there's a queue for the whore house. a guy walks up, fists flying... ... he punches up the fuckline.
                                                                                                                       if i ever opened a store that sold goats, i would call it burlington goat factory
                                                                                                                                                                                need an ark? i noah guy.
                                                                                                                                                             where do emos get their gaming gear? razer.
                                                                french guy (showing me his yachts): this is un. this is deux. this is trois. this is quatre. this is six. me: where's the 5th? fg: cinq.
                                                                                                                                                 which state serves the smallest soft drinks? minnesota.
                                                                                                                           what do you call a black person on the moon? an astronaut you racist bastard.
                                                                                                               i'm just a girl sitting here wondering which outfit i own goes best with bad decisions...
                                                                       "this soup was so good i wish i could just...nomcrnchnch" *chewing glass* "there must be a better way!" -inventing the bread bowl
                                                                                                                   what would make batman really salty? cl-cl-cl-cl-cl-cl-cl-cl-cl-cl-cl-cl-cl-cl-cl-cl-
                                                                                         polygamy vs. monogamy polygamy: when a man has one too many wives. monogamy: when a man has one too many wives.
                                                                                     what did the redditor say when he opened his package from the unibomber? wow, i did not expect this post to blow up
                                                                         i don't know why, but the record for oldest person seems to be cursed. every time someone gets it, they die shortly afterwards.
                                                                                                                              jesus wasn't angry at the soldiers who crucifixed him he was just crossed.
                                                                                           the worst thing that can happen when you invite someone over to "watch a movie" is actually watching a movie.
                                                                                            [first date] her: i'm a really big cat person me: *leans in really close* you don't look anything like a cat
                                                                                       a woman started choking in the line at starbucks- it was so scary but thankfully someone opened another register.
                                                                                                                                                           what do you call a black astronaut? invisible
                                                                                                                      why is michael jordan's jersey number 23? because then he will always be in prime.
                                                               when i get home to find my wife naked in the tub, seductively asking me to "warm her up", i dont waste a second.. to throw in a hairdryer
                                                                                 men look at boobs for the same reason women look at puppies in cages. we just want to set them free and play with them.
                                                                                                                                                    what did the frog say in the massage parlor? rubbit.
                                                                                                                                 why didn't jesus get into college? because he got nailed on the boards.
                                                                                                                how did the new orlean pelicans get their name? they should've gone with the hurricanes.
                                                                                                              what is the burning question on the mind of every dyslexic existentialist? is there a dog?
                                                                                            the policeman asked me why i keep beating my wife... i told him i have a longer reach and superior footwork.
                                                              make a horror film less scary by putting old timey words in the title, i.e. the thingamabob, jason goes to heck or the hills have peepers.
                                                                                                                 i've just found out i can have sex at 65 i live at number 59 so it's only a short walk!
                                                                                                                                                     never trust stairs, they're always up to something.
                                                                           chinese food to go: $16.84. gas to go get it: $1.62. getting home and realizing they forgot one of your containers: riceless.
                                                                        why is your mom like a vacuum? she sucks, blows, and gets laid in the closet. not to mention she also gets turned on by your dad
                                                                                                                                            i just started my career as a shy rapist. it's touch and go.
                                                                                                                            i used to own a car that never seemed to run properly. it was a brokeswagen.
                                                                                                                                      charlie sheen is like ash ketchum bebecause they both catch things
                                                                                                                                          what do you call a powerful, asshole-ish potato? a dick-tater.
                                                                                                                                              ordering a decaf coffee is like ordering a picture of food
                where will donald trump find the workers to build this great wall? outside of home depot...... maybe i should shoot myself in the foot. not trying to be racists, but you get the point.
                                                                                                           a lot of people think the medical drama "house" is funny.... but i think it hugh-laurie-ious!
                                                                                 piers morgan has taken a very strong stance against guns, and who can blame him? if you had a gun, you'd shoot him too.
                                                            first they ignore your fanny pack, then they laugh at your fanny pack, then they see you eat gummy bears from your fanny pack, then you win.
                                                                                                                         why is italy's birth rate decreasing? because they pull out at the last second.
                                                                                                                                    tifu by farting in my girlfriend's face it was a shitty thing to do.
                                                                                                                                            the grown up version of tetris is loading a full dishwasher.
                                                                                                                               what is white, 12 inches long, and not a fluorescent light bulb? nothing.
                                                                                                                                                   how did the farmer find his lost cow? he tractor down
                                                                                                             there are three rings in marriage the engagement ring, the wedding ring, and the suffering.
                                                                                                                     why do girls get so moody when they're on their periods? it's such an ovary action.
                                                                                                                   my wife passed away from an infected in-grown hair. i got a cyst and deceased letter.
                                                                               they say one in every 3 neighbors is a pedophile thankfully there isn't one next to me... just 2 smoking hot 6 year olds.
                                                                                                                                                  what is the worst way to spell mississippi? correctly.
                                                                                                                  she said she was approaching forty, and i couldn't help wondering from what direction.
                                                                           today, someone asked me if there's a possibility that i know anything about medieval music. i said, "not a gregorian chants".
                                                                                                                                      have you heard the news about bismuth? he recently came out as bi.
                                                                                                                                               what do you call ralph nader's alter ego? his alter-nader
                                                                                                                                         yo mama so fat when she bunje jumps she goes  straight to hell!
                                                                                                                                 how do you stop a lawyer from drowning? shoot before he hits the water.
                                                              what did the bread say when it was about have an orgasm? (nsfw) what did the bread say when it was about to have an orgasm? "i'm crumbing"
                                                                                                                                     what is the name of the secret society of weavers? i-loom-'n'-i-tie
                                                                                                       dr. frankenstein enters a bodybuilding competition... it seems he wildly misunderstood the rules.
                                                                                                                                         what do you say when you cross a donkey and a deer? dat ass doe
                                                                                                                                                       my wife was on ebay this afternoon... no bids yet
                                                                                                                                            how do you disappoint a redditor? [corrected] nsfw [deleted]
                                                                             we were without phone, tv and internet access for a few hours today. it was terrifying because i almost got some work done.
                                                                                             my father never hit me. but when i was bad, he would take off his belt... and then he'd take off his pants.
                                                                                                                                             physics 101: heat expands objects.. you're fat.. you're hot
                                                                                                             if god had a sense of humor, he would have asked noah to bring a pair of termites on board.
                                                                                                           i'm still not sure if i should throw out or keep my old pillow. i guess i better sleep on it.
                                                                                                                             how do pirates get their hair to stand up? sea-men. my brother told me that
                                                                              delivering the punchline too early. you know what's the only thing worse than delivering the punchline to a joke too late?
                                                                                                                                    what do you call a storm that's raining cats and dogs? a furrycanine
                                                                                                                                                why should you not trust atoms? they make up everything.
                                                                                  what's the difference between reddit gold and the greek drachma? people usually thank you for giving them reddit gold.
                                                           women are a lot like cars. you rarely get a brand spanking new one, and as soon as you've been in it once. it loses more than half its value.
                                                                                                              the pirate missing a hand was looking for a replacement. i suggested the second hand store
                                                                                                            `that cut looks bad. you should go to the hospital for stitches. "nah." "fine, suture self."
                                                                                                                                     i don't think the proclaimers realized how far 500 miles really is.
                                                                                                                                               why did sally fall off her swing? because she had no arms
                                                                                                                                     how do you make a snowman smile? tell him the snowblower is coming.
                                                                                                     so a redditor walked into a bar... just kidding, they just sit on reddit and read these lame jokes.
                                                                                         i now know i'm getting old. i was watching some porn the other day and thought to myself wow that's a nice bed.
                                        straight out of gotham... this building, in the city i live in (in tianjin, china) looks like it was taken straight out of gotham city. http://imgur.com/j0rm7h3
                                           how many psychologists does it take to change a light bulb? it only takes one, but it takes a very long time and the light bulb has to really want to change.
                                                                                *boyfriend and girlfriend in shower* girl: do bad things to me babe boy: *flicks shampoo in her eyes and trips her over*
                                                                                                                 what kind of shoes do frogs wear? open toad sandals... i'll show myself out - thank you
                                                                                                                                      have you heard my joke about construction? i'm still working on it
                                                                                                 my date asked me to tell her a star trek joke.... ...and i said "who do you think i am, clevar burton?"
                                                                               the word politics is derived from two words the word poly meaning many and the word ticks meaning blood sucking parasite.
                                                                                                                                                       what do you call a wino eating grapes? impatient.
                                                                                                             if you don't feel just a little bit of shame after the weekend... you're not doing it right
                                                                                                         an idea for a board game... bonopoly - similar to monopoly, but where the streets have no name.
                                                                                         "oh, not much, just grooming my magnificent, powerful wings, you?" -pegasus every time a normal horse calls him
                       someone calls 911... man : hello? i need your help! 911: alright, what is it? man : two girls are fighting over me! 911: so what's your emergency? man : the ugly one is winning.
                                                                                                                                                  helen keller's two favorite colors corduroy and velcro
                                                                                      germany loses at home, and japan beats america in overtime... m. night shyamalan's pitch for a world war ii movie.
                                                                                                                           what did the mexican wife say to her husband? you'll never be president, jeb.
                                                                                                                                                               what is a pirate's favourite letter? aye.
                                                                                                                                         what does tammy wynette do to beat the heat? stands by her fan.
                                                                                                                                                                     an imgurian walks into a bar repost
                                                                                                                                        xm radio suddenly went to the hospital it's in sirius condition.
                                                                                                                                    what is dr. dre and snoop dogg's favorite facebook game? candy kush.
                                                                                                                                       statistically speaking..... isn't a mean joe just an average joe?
                                                                                                                                                   what do you call an angle that is cute ? acute angle.
                                                                                                 i became a proud father today he just turned four, but he was a boring little shit the first few years.
                                                                                                                                                    her: is my new concealer working? me: who said that?
                                                             the ironic thing about the original scooby doo adventures was that the only real supernatural phenomena they encountered was a talking dog.
                                                                                                                                         you know, i love the ocean i think in a past life i was a semen
                                                                                                   wife: "do you think of me when you're away  darling?" husband: "yes honey i always bare you in mind."
                                                                                                                         arguing politics is like trying to convince someone that their baby isn't cute.
                                                                                                                                                        me: i love you so much calories: i love you more
                                                                                                 what ghost did ebenezer scrooge encounter when he refurnished his home? the shadow of his former shelf.
                                                                                                                                                                   why is jesus christ so buff? crossfit
                                                                       your mother is a head turner by that i mean that the gravitational field of her planetary body is trying to pull my head in orbit
                                                                                                                            why did people call the late man a tiny ass? because he was a little behind.
                                                                                           and the genius told me "do you want a big dick or a good memory ?" ho ! what did i choose ? i don't remember.
                                                                                                                    science brought us to the moon.. while religion only brought us to some skyscrapers.
                                                                                                                                               police officers are really sore losers when you race them
                                                                                                 my buddhist friend just had root canal with no anaesthetic. he wanted to transcend dental medication...
                                                                                                                  what do you call a crowd-sourced internet database for turntables? wiki-wiki-wikipedia
                                                                                                           what do you call a sarcastic crimminal going down the stairs? a condescending con descending.
                                                                                                                            how do you fix a woman's watch? why should you? there's a clock on the oven.
                                                                                                                                 you're a big internet fan arn't you? yes i really get a buzz out of it!
                                                                                                                         killers normally target family and friends good thing i don't have any friends.
                                                                                                                        what did spock find in the toilet of the starship enterprise? the captain's log.
                                   my mom recently bought a jesus shaped flashlight when i asked her why she said: so whenever someone says "i can't see" i can be like "here, let jesus light the path"
                                                               truth or dare? -truth. ok, go. -i get sexually aroused by alf. okaaaay... -your turn. truth or dare? um...dare. -put on this alf costume.
                                                                                                                         what's the difference between 9/11 and a cow? you can't milk a cow for 10 years
                                                                                                        what's the trick to satisfying your wife or girlfriend with only 3.5 inches? visa or mastercard?
                                                                                                               i just found out that "birdman" has nothing to do with hawkeye, and now i want to see it.
                                                                                                                          if two lesbians get married, who does the cooking? neither, they both eat out.
                                                                                   why are the majority of school shooters white? because the black kids don't wanna get kicked off the basketball team.
                                                                                                                    i was ecstatic to have an out-of-body experience... ...in fact, i was beside myself.
                     my gpa said... my grandpa said, "your generation relies too much on technology!" i replied, "no, your generation relies too much on technology!" then i unplugged his life support.
                                                                                                         what sound does and alcohlic train make? chug chug chug chug chug chug... i'll show myself out.
                                                                                                       a woman lost her wedding ring in paris last night. i'm not talking about the one who deserved it.
                                                                                   when my boss asked me who is the stupid one, me or him? i told him everyone knows he doesn't hire stupid people......
                                                                                                                            what did the hispanic chef say when he went down on his girlfriend? "umami!"
                                                                a disease that kills you and can only be spread through the transmission of bodily fluids. are we sure we're not talking about marriage?
                                                                                                                          if you don't wear ear protection, do you run the risk of getting hearing aids?
                                                                                                       what do you call a dictionary on drugs? high definition edit:woah, i got front page! thanks guys!
                                                                                                                                       what happened when five fat french men got in the lifeboat? cinq.
                                                                                                                                                                             check out this article: the
                                                                                                                         the "smoking gun" has a greater risk of dying early than guns that don't smoke.
                                                              always check the height of nearby ceiling fans before giving a toddler a ride on your shoulders. how i learned this rule is not important.
                                                                                                                      you should be my grillfriend. not a typo, girl. you're hot enough to cook meat on.
                                                                                                wife sees me naked at least once a day every day. how do you apologize properly for something like that?
         beverly hills gangsta i'm new to reddit, this if my first post. a comedy and humorous take on beverly hills life style with ghetto way of thinking. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0ljktoghag0
                                                                                                                                                       what's blue and smells like red paint? blue paint
                                                                                                                         bumper sticker reads.... voices inside my tells me everything is going to be ok
                                                                                                                                                    i have 7 legs, 5 eyes, and 9 arms. what am i? a liar
                                                                                                 i once told a woman i could give her twelve inches. i just needed to make four three inch installments.
                                                                                                                       what does reddit share in common with the real world? a messed up system of karma
                                                                     sometimes on a clear cool night i look at the stars for hours and wonder what cool things i'd be doing if my internet weren't down.
                                                                                                                      a man died today when a pile of books fell on him. he only had his shelf to blame.
                                                                                         you've got 99 problems huh? boo-hoo. i have a mortgage and a shitty job. now go fuck beyonce in a $300,000 car.
                                                                                                                                              april showers bring may flowers mayflowers bring smallpox.
                                                                                                                                                              i was going to tell a gay joke but fuck it
                                                                                                                                                what do you call a barnyard uprising? a chicken coup! ;)
    so a guy is eating a steak dinner at a restaurant... ...when the waitress comes over and asked the man "how did you find the steak, sir?" the man looks at her and says "i just moved the potatoes."
                                                                                                             there are 10 different kinds of people... those who understand binary, and those who don't.
                                                                                      doctor: i'm going to listen to your lungs so just breathe normal. me: well now you've made that nearly impossible.
                                                                                                                               hey everyone in a play pretending to drive a car - stop steering so much.
                                                                                                                                                         what do you call a fish without any eyes? a fsh
                                                                                                                      who says time travel doesn't exist and we can't go back in time? america just did.
                                                                                                                                                     my penis is like a shotgun i pump, shoot and reload
                                                                      in the 17th century, villagers would burn down entire neighborhoods to combat diseases such as bubonic plague, typhus, and gluten.
                                                                                               instead of getting xbox live i just drive to the skate park & pay obnoxious teenagers $60 to call me gay.
                                                                                                                                 how do they tie things down on the space station? they use astro knots.
                                                                                                                                          i think i need to take a break. -me, as soon as i get to work.
                                                                                                                                                            every 60 seconds in africa, a minute passes.
                                                                                                                                                               what do sea monsters eat? fish and ships.
                                                                                                                                                  i bet the ymca dance is allot harder to do in chinese.
                                                                                                                   you know why midget performers attract customers? they remind them that life is short
                                                                                                                                 why did johnny cross the road? because his dick was stuck in a chicken.
                                                                                                                                                   what makes stevie wonder? what everything looks like.
                                                                   yelp review: babies cute at first, but then screamy like angry pterodactyls. there is literally poop everywhere. would not recommend.
                                                                             most of adulthood is getting upset over not being invited to things that you wouldn't have gone to even if you were invited
                                                                                       googling ways to dispose of a body,mostly to freak out the douche behind me who keeps staring at my laptop screen
                                                             give a man a fish & he'll be all "wtf are you giving me a fish for? that's weird" teach a man to fish & he'll be all "again with the fish?"
                                                                     first monster: i fancy eating the city of hong kong tonight. care to join me? second monster: no thanks i can't stand chinese food.
                                                                                                                                                                          a guy walks into a bar.. ouch*
                                                                                                                      you might say i'm socially constipated... ... ... i haven't given a shit in years.
                                                                                                                                   how can you tell when your drowning in milk? when it gets pasteurise.
                                                                                                                    q: how do convicts get drugs while they're in prison? a: some asshole brings 'em in.
                                                                                                                people say, "you have to work on a marriage." i say, "no thank you. i already have a job
                                                                                          what do you call it when... you put a pillow on a stool? you call it a stool softener cheesiest joke i made up
                                                                    *bursts into bank everyone down on the ground *everyone lies down everyone close their eyes *everyone closes their eyes everyone nap
                                                                                                                                             my glass eye is freaking you out? sorry i didn't real eyes.
                                                                                                                                           what did one snowman say to the other? do you smell carrots??
                                                                     people dating on the internet have it so easy. back in my day, a man would walk uphill both ways in the snow to disappoint a woman.
                                                                                                                           if you don't have any feelings watching a kid cry, most likely it's your kid.
                                                                                                                        why did the redneck father walk his kid to school? they were in the same grade!!
                                                                               your momma's so fat... ...that when i asked her what her what her favorite time of the year was, she said, "dinner time."
                                                                                                                                                what's better than roses on a piano? tulips on my organ.
                                                                                                                   why is it impossible to starve in a desert? because of the sand, which is everywhere.
                                               what's the difference between a bag of cocaine and a 4 year-old child? eric clapton never would have let his bag of coke fall out of a 49th-story window!
                                                                                                                                          how do you separate greek men from greek boys? with a crowbar.
                                                                                                                                         what do you call a hen staring at lettuce? chicken sees-a salad
                                                                            my daughter wanted to have a disney princess tea party. i couldn't find the tea or the dresses, so i settled for taco belle.
                                                                                                                        why did the left alt key and the right alt key break up? they needed some space.
                                                                                                                                                         alcohol is like liquid photoshop for real life.
                                                                i love our new home. la is such a safe place and- *a dog drives by holding a pistol playing tupac in an el camino* denise get in the car
                                                                                                        [text] her: i picked up buffalo wings. me: * moves furniture around * rolls out plastic sheeting
                                                                                                                  you would think gay rights wouldn't be a problem.... with all the fags on the internet
                                                                                                  how many cuckolds does it take to screw in a lightbulb? none. somebody else does the screwing for 'em.
                                                                                                              "actually i have a lot of secs" is apparently not the right answer to "do you have a sec?"
                                                                                                                   reddit knock knock joke knock knock..who's there...go away the punchline is private!!
                                                                       2003: fear that ppl from the internet will find me in real life. 2013: fear that ppl from real life will find me on the internet.
                                                                                                                   did you see that documentary about the death penalty? tired concept, great execution.
                                                            lois lane was fired from the daily planet after she knocked clark kent's glasses off and then panicked thinking a plane was in the building.
                                               crap....all this time i thought i was listening to the angel on my shoulder. turns out the devil on the other shoulder is just a hell of a ventriloquist.
                                                                                                                             love's a lot like a bullet in that the exit usually causes the most damage.
                                                                                                          why should you always bring an iphone to mos eisley cantina? because droids can't get service.
                                                                                                                                        did you hear about corduroy pillows??? they're making headlines!
                                                                                 if your ex wife, and ex mother in law were drowning and you could only save one.. what kind of sandwich would you make?
                                                               you don't serve tuna do you? "no sir, we don't serve fish here" *a family of tuna in fake mustaches whistles innocently at another table*
                                                                                                why wouldn't chad kroeger (lead singer of nickelback) have sex with helen keller? because she's a woman!
                                                            if my girlfriend is late for work & looking for keys, i help by following her around the house & looking in exactly the same spots she does.
                                                                          if you crush a cockroach, you're a hero. if you crush a beautiful butterfly, you're a villain. morals have aesthetic criteria.
                                                      if an airplane from west africa was flying during the northern lights, and there was a sick passenger onboard... ...would it be aurora ebola-alis?
                                                                         me: why can't we feed the animals? wife: they'll get lazy and dependent and never, ever go away. me: *looks warily at our kids*
                                          a photon walks into a hotel the desk clerk says, "welcome to our hotel. can we help you with your luggage?" the photon says, "no thanks, i'm traveling light."
                                                                 because you crave something doesn't mean it's good for you. every time my husband opens his mouth about politics i crave instant death.
                                                                                                   orange juice factory why did the guy get fired from the orange juice factory? he couldn't concentrate
                                                                             if youre a healthy young male or female with blood type o, please consider donating a kidney to me. my goal is 22 kidney 's
                                                                                                                        what time was it when jared got fired? when the big hand touched the little hand
                                                                                                                   why do sumo wrestlers shave their legs? so they're not confused with feminist. sorry.
                                                                                                      so there are these pants that have padding to make ones butt appear larger... ...it's anal-lusion!
                                                                                                           what do you call someone with no arms or legs? jeffrey. knock knock, who's there? not jeffrey
                                                                                                                nothing stops me in my tracks faster than a five year old saying, "i got you a present!"
                                                                                                             why did the chicken cross the basketball court? because he heard the ref was blowing fowls.
                                                                                                                  how many french men does it take to conquer paris? no one knows, it's never been done.
                                                                                                         "sir, the uav strike bombing missed the target." "were we at least close?" "not even remotely."
                       i said to my wife, "you look like a million pounds."... i said to my wife, "you look like a million pounds." "don't you mean dollars?" she replied. "i know what i mean," i said.
                                                                                                        how can anyone focus on world peace when we can't even get everyone to use the same date format?
                                                                                                                                   i would tell you a joke about udp/ip but you probably wouldn't get it
                                                                                                 why isn't there any knock knock jokes about the united states? because freedom doesn't knock. it rings.
                                                                                                  it's orange, it says it's an orange, but it's not an orange. what is it? a tangerine with a big mouth.
                                                                                                            having sex on when your so is on her period isn't funny. you guys are just bloody dickheads.
                                                                                                                    if you couldn't tell, i am into fitness. fitness whole slice of pizza into my mouth!
                                                                                                                                     my wife and i laugh about how competitive we are. but i laugh more.
                                                                                                     they say money can't buy happiness but it can buy a boat and invite happiness over for the weekend.
                                                                                                                                                       who is a presents favorite quarterback? tim tebow
                                                                                                                                                        i hate father in laws so i only date black girls
                                                                                                                                                          what is beethoven's favorite fruit? bananaaaaa
                                                                                                                                           she like a man in uniform so the mcdonalds outfit here 2 stay
                                                                                                                                                what does a christmas tree do after christmas? it pines.
                                                                                                                                              what do you call a blank piece of paper? women's rights!!!
                                                                                                                 if the ussr were to become a country again... ...would it be called the soviet reunion?
                                                                                    i scream, you scream, we all scream because grandma is visiting for christmas and she forgot her hearing aids again.
                                                                                        computers and my spouse are very similar in some ways. if ever there is something wrong, it's probably my fault.
                                                                                i broke up with my girlfriend when i found out she only has 4 toes on each foot.... turns out i'm lack-toes intolerant..
                                                                                                                                                         bend over, little fairy... ...a wish is a wish.
                                                                                                                                         how was the bird able to pass his math test? he was winging it.
                                                                          in america, we decide to bomb people after a week of reflection, but have debated the legality of smoking a plant for 40 years
                                                                                                         if you send her a message and she doesn't reply in six months she is probably thinking about it
                                                                                                          why do ducks look so sad? because when they preen their feathers, they look down in the mouth.
                                                                                                                             what's a pirates favorite material? ~~arrrgyle~~*yarrrn!*^thanks ^bravesurf
                                                                                                                     i thought my witty comeback was completely original.... turns out it was a riposte.
                                                                                    we're sorry, the number you have dialed... 911 has been changed to a non-published number. please make a note of it.
                                                              the new samsung phone shares every picture you take with all your friends as soon as you take it. good idea. what could possibly go wrong?
                                                                                                                                       number joke as told by yoda why 5 afraid of 7 was? because 6, 7 8
                                                                                                                                    did you grow up on a farm? cause i want to wear you like a feed bag!
                                                                                 dude, relax. nothing wrong with a little experimenting. you're making a brokeback mountain out of a brokeback molehill.
                                                                                                     how to tell if you're wearing too much axe: 1. are you wearing axe? no- good. yes- that's too much.
                                                                                                                                                                      gay jokes aren't funny come on man
                                                                           i love that we're a nation of diversity: a black president, a white vice president, and an orange speaker of the house. #sotu
                                                                                                                           my father used to be a soap dealer... ...don't worry, he's squeaky clean now.
                                                                                             two scientists walk into a bar... ...one asks for h2o, the other one asks for h2o too, the second one died.
                                                                                                                                                          what does a gamer say when he get married? gg.
                                                              saw an article on facebook that a local bank was robbed. it had one like. they should probably look at that person as the robbery suspect.
                                                                                                                     what did the green grape said to the purple grape? breathe, god dammit!! breathe!!!
                                                                                                      i'm not saying she's a slut... but she's been banged more times than the first pipe on flappy bird
                                                                                                                                                                       wanna meet santa's little helper?
                                                                                                              knock knock who's there ? cigarette ! cigarette who ? cigarette life if you don't weaken !
                                                                                    i really gotta quit drinking. last night i got so wasted i blew chunks for hours... chunks is my 4 year old bulldog.
                                                                                                          thank you student loans, for getting me through college... i don't think i can ever repay you!
                                                                                           what did the proud cheerleader say after she screwed the whole. basketball team? i never knew i had it in me.
                                                                                                                                                              do you know what is worst than a bad joke?
                                                                                     i thought i share this gem what is the worse thing you can do to a blind man? .....leave the plunger in the toilet!
                                                               my daughter just asked me how to spell bourbon so she's either asking santa to hook up her old man or writing a letter to child services.
                                                                                                                         why don't you see elephants hiding in trees? because they're so damn good at it
     a doctor gives his patient the bad news that he only has a week to live... patient - "no, i don't accept that! i'd like an alternative fact please" doctor - "money-wise, you are now set for life"
                                                                                                                                                 what kind of aircraft is into men and women? a biplane.
                                                                     dad, why is my cousin called porsche? dad: because her father likes porsche cars. son: thanks dad. dad: you're welcomed, young boy.
                                                                                                                                             if chuck norris wants your opinion, he'll beat it into you.
                                                                                                                                                 if your polly wants a cracker, he's a white supremacist
                                                                                                                                              the mirrors in my house have been pretty sarcastic lately.
                                                                                             if you want some alone time, tell your husband that you're going to watch the bachelor. even if you're not.
                                                                                                               what do you call a girl with one leg shorter than the other? ilene. an asian girl? irene.
                                                                                                                                                            my math teacher called me average. how mean!
                  so archaeologists found another dead sea scroll... they opened it up, and read: genesis 1:0 "before the beginning, there was chuck norris. and chuck norris said, 'let there be god.'"
                                                            the year is 2027 ad. i take a drag from my vitamin cigarette and transfer 17 bitcoins to a 3d-printed babe-bot for a cyber hj. life is good.
                 silly billy went in a library and said, " i would like to have a pizza." librarian - " sir, this is a library." billy goes near his ear and whispers - " i would like to have a pizza."
                                                                                                                   being a procrastinator with ocd means that i do nothing over and over and over again.
                                                                                                            my doctor said i should eat better. i told him, with what he charges, i'm lucky i eat at all
                                                                                                                           want to know how to make tons of people mad real fast? your about to now how.
                                                                                                                                      why did the turtle cross the road? ...to get to the shell station.
                                                                                                          im getting tired of your barenaked ladies marathon. it's been one week since you looked at me.
                                                                                                 how is the rnc going to wash themselves of the reputation trump has given them? lather, reince, repeat.
                                                                                                                                                        how is halloween celebrated in kentucky? pumpkin
                                                                                                                                                                do thin girls know about delicious food?
                                                                                                                                               did you hear about the blind circumciser? he got the sack
                                                                     nigerian people is the best in the world. one of them offered me 1 million dollar via email this morning in just exchange for $100.
                                                                                 italian guy with a problem what do you call an italian guy with one arm shorter than the other?  a speech impediment :)
                                                                                                                 i saw a group of children crying during my visit to kiev so i said, "what ukraine for?"
                                                                            you've reached the suicide hotline. if you're clinically depressed, press 1. if you sent a tweet with a typo in it, press 2.
                                                            [court] lawyer: did u kill him? me: no l: you know what the punishment is for committing perjury? me [lips on the mic] much less than murder
                                                    i saw my sister watching the show "dexter" yesterday.. i thought it was a pretty weird show, but then again, i have seen stranger things on netflix.
                                                           straight outta compton beat the crap out of trainwreck at the box office this weekend but then again dr. dre is no stranger to beating women.
                                                                                                                        what should a redditor receive after a terrible joke? karma. (please forgive me)
                                                                 silly rabbit, trix are for a culture of entitled white american children who are systematically fed a diet of high fructose corn syrup.
                                                                                                                       why doesn't chris hemsworth like to eat fruity pebbles on set? his lips were thor
                                                             *bullies advance* stop! im a black belt in shaq fu! <laughter> *detectives arrive* jesus, were these heads slam-dunked? where r the bodies?
                                                                               thanksgiving is going to be hard this year because half my family dances to remember and the other half dances to forget.
                                                                             if you ask me a question and i don't know the answer i'm going to tell you to google it and act like you're the stupid one.
                                                                                             why is it called mother nature? because if it were called father nature it would be a lot more predictable.
                                                                                                                 ted cruz takes his religious values very seriously he always pulls out before finishing
                                                                                                                                     why did kurt pull the trigger? he couldn't get hole out of his head
                                                                                                                                                                what college did the eyeball go to? icu.
                                                                                                         zombies and i have a lot in common; we both walk around aimlessly looking for something to eat.
                    mike rowe penis women have told me i have a mike rowe penis. i guess it must be because they think it's pretty strong and does dirty jobs... but i think it's a little small myself.
                                               my friends were disappointed that i decided to stay home after work instead of going out with them... i said, "yea, i'm really into resting, aren't i ? "
                                                                                  one of my favorite things about walmart: the impulse buy is no longer a breathmint, it's an entire rotisserie chicken.
                                                                                                                                           *stands on a curb next to a stranger* what if i was this tall
                                                                          sorry if this is a re-post but ... here's a great knock knock joke - but you have to start ok, knock knock who's there .......
                                                                                                                            q: why can't you play uno with a mexican? a: they steal all the green cards.
                                                                                                                         what do you call a bodybuilding mexican who's run out of protein? no whey jose.
                                                                                                                  i was just told this joke what's the hard part of a vegetable to eat? the wheelchair!!
                                                                                                                   bacon and eggs walk into a bar bartender says: "i'm sorry, we don't serve breakfast."
                                                                    i put my middle finger up as soon as i start driving, and if another driver does something really good, i take it down for a second.
                                                                                                                                    how does a welshman find a sheep in a field of tall grass? pleasing.
                                                                                                                       what's the hardest thing about roller blading? hearing that fucking joke all day.
                                                                                                                         what does rupert the bear and jack the ripper have in common? same middle name!
                                                                                                       i once asked a frenchman if he plays video games. he responded, "oui." i told him xbox is better.
                                                            what's the difference between a feminist and a doormat? you might try and knock some mud off on the sidewalk before you step on the doormat.
                                                                                              what do schizophrenic people think when they say an insensitive joke? that sounded a lot better in my head
                                                               her: do you have any kids? me: i have 2 step kids her: none of your own? me: no her: how come? me: facials her: i'm sorry what? me: what?
                                                                                               someone asked me why my ringtone is the "like a g6." up until now i thought it was "like a cheese stick."
                                                                         my father works as a statistician at ford. he must be pretty well-respected there, people are always asking for his auto graph.
                                                                                                            just realized all books are different combinations of the same 26 letters. this is bullshit!
                                                             if time-outs have tought me anything, it's that doing something wrong gets you time for peace,quiet,and solidarity. in a place called jail.
                                                                                                                    why don't the borg procreate naturally? because they prefer artificial assimilation.
                                                                                       my favorite sexual position is the jfk i splatter all over her while she screams and tries to get out of the car.
                                                                                                                                                         i'm not that great at origami... i cut corners.
                                                                                                                                           why don't cows smoke weed? the steaks would just be too high.
                                                                                                                                    what does mc hammer and antimatter have in common? can't touch this!
                                                                                                                    why are automatic vehicles difficult to drive? because they don't come with a manual
                                                             my kid told me an "old dead girl" lives in her room and whispers to her at night. i hope they get along cuz i'm never going in there again.
                                                                                                                                                            what do you call a group of idiots? congress
                                                                                                                                                   have you heard the one about the sheep? it's baaad...
                                                                                                           why didn't the mentally challenged kid finish his math test in time? because he was too slow.
                                                                                               what's the difference between beer nuts and deer nuts? beer nuts are $1.69 and deer nuts are under a buck
                                                                                                                                   calm down girls, it's starbucks. they sell coffee, not unicorn blood.
                                                                                                         if someone doesn't realize their blinker is still on after one minute their car should explode.
                                                                                                           a poor old man got hit by a car today. i say poor because he only had 90 cents in his wallet.
                                                               things men would rather do than work to raise testicular cancer awareness: eat a sandwich, watch sports, fight, die of testicular cancer.
                                          guy calls to hr: - hi. i'd like to discuss it security specialist position at your company. - ok. send your cv, please. - you already have it at your desktop.
                                                                                                                                what do you call an explanation of an asian cooking show? a wok-through.
                                                                                                         what does a black man and a park bench have in common neither one can support a family of five.
                                                          more wisdom from confucius man who goes to bed with itchy butt, usually wakes up with stinky fingers. man who stands on toilet is high on pot.
                                                                              what did jeffrey dahlmer say to lorena bobbit? excuse me are you going to eat that? *ellen barken on david letterman show.
                                                             they won't give me insurance on my phones anymore, but yet they don't make phones that survive being thrown against walls? it's nonsense...
                                                                last night my wife got pissed because i kicked the ice cubes i dropped under the refrigerator. but now it's just water under the fridge.
                                                                                                                                            how do you know if a wizards gay? it disappears with a poof.
                                                                                                                          what is the best thing to wear with a michel jackson jacket? your billie jeans
                                                             god: for this to work, i need them to feel love cupid: how about i shoot them through the heart with an arrow? god: ur starting to worry me
                                             one wish if i was a governor the first thing i'd do, is make having a family garden an excessive tax write-off: and i'd have the most beautiful state ever.
                                                                                                     wow bro, that pot leaf tattoo on your neck really makes the colors of your burger king uniform pop.
                                                                                                                                        where did dr. pepper get his degree? the university of minnesoda
                                                                                                                            i could see every bottle of ketchup in the restaurant. heinz sight is 20/20.
                                                                                                     i've stood up for black people plenty of times... not worth getting shot over a seat on the subway.
                                                                                                                        my wife converted to judaism during batman begins. it was a real christian bail.
                                                                                                                                        did you guys hear about the fire at the circus? it was in tents.
                                                                                    back when i was a kid there was no internet so people would sometimes have to walk for miles just to call me a cunt.
                                                             if i fave ur tweet on a friday night pls know i'm doing it from the party club, where i am partyclubbing with my [opens dictionary] friends
                                                                                            this morning i got in touch with my inner self. and that's also the last time i'll buy cheap toilet paper...
                                                                                       what do you call someone who swings both ways? a child, it's a child on a swing you fuckin' sicko; get outta here
                                                                           what do calenders eat? nothing. calenders are inanimate objects that are used to keep track of the date and important events.
                                                                                                         i asked my chemist friend if it took him 4 years to get his degree... he said "sodium bromate."
                                                                                              my wife asked me what her favorite type of flower was. apparently "all-purpose" wasn't the correct answer.
                                      what's the difference between a trump voter and a polar bear? one is a fat, white, mindless killing machine with no conscience or future, and the other is a bear.
                                                                          does it make you an acrobat if you get suspended from the chandelier by your drawers after falling over the 2nd floor railing?
                                                                                                                                           when's the best time to go to the dentist? tooth hurty (2:30)
                                                                                                                                                 now i'm really glad monica chose chandler over richard.
                                                                                                      [first date & i'm super nervous] her: are you ok? me: yesh. her: did u just say yesh? me: um nosh.
                                                                                                                         the melons why did the melons get married in a church? because they cant-elope.
                                                   i was in the supermarket when i got a message on my phone telling me there were 24 singles in my area think i'm going to delete the kraft cheese app.
                                                                                                                                           "it's been a business doing pleasure with you." - prostitutes
                                                            we call em houseplants like thats where they belong but its just where we put em thats like if u threw me in the sewer & called me sewer boy
                                                            me: can i bring my wife? travel agent: of course me: but i'm hetero. does that matter? travel agent: do you think i'm saying gayman islands?
                                                                     what's the difference between mayonnaise and sperm? mayonnaise doesn't hit the back if my girlfriend's throat at 60 miles per hour.
                                                                                                                                    what's green, slimy, and smells like bacon? kermit the frog's finger
                                                                                        teacher: give me three reasons why the world is round pupil: well my dad says so my mum says so and you say so !
                                                                                                                             my wife and i do it doggy-style... ...she plays dead and i beg. -dan chopin
                                                                                                                   why is it so hard to break up with a japanese woman? you have to drop the bomb twice.
                                                                                 i am sad i can no longer get arnold palmer's at restaurants anymore but it looks like i can get an arnold embalmer now.
                                                                                            my gf and i would kick ass at the newlywed game. i know 100% of her answers to questions is " i don't know".
                                                                                                                              in rest homes, when lovers have spats, do they key each other's walkers???
                                                                 what are the three rules of being a plumber? hot on left; cold on right. shit runs downhill. never, ever, put your tools in your mouth.
                                        stupid science joke calcium carbonate gets into an argument with his friend, electron. "why do you always have to be so negative?" "shut up, you're just basic!"
                                                                                                                 they say being a hostage is hard but i could do that with my hands tied behind my back.
                                              i went to a club and they played "the twist", i did the twist. they played "jump", i jumped. they played "come on eileen"...i got kicked out for that one.
                                                                          not to brag, but most of the problems that take dora the explorer 30 minutes to figure out, i can solve in like 18-20 minutes.
                                                                                                                     what do you call a smug criminal going down stairs? a condescending con descending.
                                                                                                                                      a poem for r/jokes "roses are grey. violets are grey. i am a dog."
                                                                                                           i'm getting pretty worried, my girlfriend hasn't gotten her period yet. and she's already 14.
                                                                                                                   car alarms should sound like two chicks in a fight. i'd look out the window for that.
                                                           why are most hurricanes named after women because when they come they are wet and wild and when they leave they take your house and your car.
                                                                           ok, guy with the two kayaks and two bikes strapped to his subaru outback: settle down. save some outdoors for the rest of us.
                                                                                  [dinner table] gfs dad: so what do you do for a living me: human trafficking *he chokes* gf: he's a crossing guard dad
                                                                                                                             there's a button on this hotel phone that says, "pizza". i may never leave.
                                                                                                                             yo mama in a wheelchair and says "you  ain't gonna puch me 'round no more."
         an organ trafficker has a date "what do you do for a living?", asks the date. "i trade illegal organs.", the trafficker says. "jesus! don't you have a heart?" "was that a critic or an order?"
                                                                         cement your reputation as the office romeo by committing suicide over an underage girl you've been seeing for less than a week.
                                                                                                                   i use google to check if i have internet connection more than i use google to google.
                                                                                                                                                        who is the most basic spice girl? pumpkin spice.
                                                                                                                          why did the black man walk into a bar? because the cell door was still locked.
                                                                                                                what's the difference between a pizza and a black man? the pizza can feed a family of 4.
                                                                                                                      q: what do you call a snake that makes a lot of noise when it eats? a: a slurpent.
                                                                                so much has changed since my girlfriend told me we're having a baby. for instance my name, address and telephone number!
                                                              "she loves me not..." : picks last petal : "she loves me!" flower: "...not! lol nerd" : whips out hidden petal shaped like middle finger :
                                                                                                                                                       laugh alone and the world thinks you're an idiot.
                                                                                                                                        what part of a football pitch smells nicest ? the scenter spot !
                                                                 i hate when my friends stand so close to me when pictures are being taken. it's like they don't know i plan on cropping them out later.
                                                                                         "i don't want to talk about it, so i posted some lyrics for you to decipher about how it's your fault." ~ girls
                                                                                                                                        what's the worst period of caitlyn jenner's life? there is none.
                                                                                                                              i've had my phone battery die at a family function. nothing scares me now.
                                                                                                                                                    someone called me a pussy well, you are what you eat
                                                                                   what's the difference between jesus and the painting of the last supper? you only need one nail to hang the painting.
                does eating fish makes you dumb? we know that eating fish is supposed to make us "smarter", but the only fishes we eat, are the ones "dumb" enough to get caught. it doesn't make sense.
                                                                                           i have insomnia. i have insomnia my doctor says it's very common and that i shouldn't lose any sleep over it.
                                                                                                                          what's the difference between jelly and jam? i can't jelly my dick in your ass
                                                                                                                           why did mrs. piggy's relationship fail? she couldn't stand making kermitments
                                                                             [job interview] "so we'll call you & let you know. do you have any questions?" yes, can you text me instead to let me know?
                                                                                                                       proof: hillary clinton will be a great president "she doesn't suck."-bill clinton
                                                                                                                  there's a butterfly in my office and a nerf gun in my purse. susan, clear my schedule.
                                                                                                       what's the difference between god and a medical school graduate? god doesn't think he's a doctor.
       mom, i'm sleeping wit the neighbour -that's unacceptable young lady! he could be your dad! -but mom, you don't understand. age doesn't matter for true love! -i didn't say anything about age ...
                                                                                    did i tell you about my old girl friend with only one leg? unfortunately we broke up. turns out she leans both ways.
                                                                                                                                what do you get when you cross a spud and a metal show? moshed potatoes.
                                                                                                                                          why are the old trees always yelling? they were all petrified.
                                                                                                                     what has happened to common sense these days? its become nothing but pocket change.
  the other day a co- worker asked me what i had for lunch, and i replied 5 guys. he laughed because it sounds funny. i guess i should have been more specific and said i got bukaked during lunch time.
                                                                         guys who say they like girls who don't wear makeup really mean they like girls that look really hot without the help of makeup.
                                                                                                                            my dentist and orthodontist have the same name... isn't that coinci*dental*?
                                                                                                                                 why do fencers avoid posting on reddit? they are afraid of the reposte.
                          a man goes to the doctor... the doctor says "i've got good news and bad news. the good news is you have 24 hours to live. the bad news is i should have told you yesterday..."
                                                                                                               i told my ex-boyfriend to masturbate so he could give me a fucking break once in a while.
                                                                                                                                are you made of berillium, gold and titanium? because you are beautiful.
                                                            *comes back with wife's purse* w: i said don't run or people will think you stole it! how many times did you get tackled? m:[bleeding] twice
                                                                                                                           did you here they opened a pasta joint in hell? they call it dante's alfredo!
                                                                                                 walk like an egyptian is a song, but also a sure fire way to make it safely through a bad neighborhood.
                                  i think every guy has tucked their genitalia between their legs to pretend they have a vagina. but i didn't know my girlfriend had been doing it for the past 3 years.
                                                                                                       why did joey fall of the swing? because he doesn't have arms. knock knock. who's there? not joey.
                                                                                                                     "my birthday's coming" do you know what i need?" "yeah but how do you wrap a life?"
                                                            3rd eye: youre on drugs 4th eye: youre a nerd 5th-7th eyes: ??? 8th eye: you are now a spider 9th eye: spider on drugs 16th eye: nerd spider
                                                                                                               i just threw a football through a tire swing and now i'm in first place in the nfc south?
                                    capitalization is important. nsfw capitalization is the difference between "i had to help my uncle jack off a horse." and "i had to help my uncle jack off a horse."
                                                                                                                               i went to the zoo today, only animal there was a dog... it was a shih tzu
                                                                                      since trump got elected 2.5 million americans want to leave the country that's 2.5 million jobs he's already made!
                                                                                                                                          what is the favorite pokemon of a smoked meat sandwich? raichu
                                                                               a donkey had an iq of 186. he had no friends at all though. because even in the animal kingdom, nobody likes a smart-ass.
                                                                                                    what has four legs, is big, green, fuzzy, and if it fell out of a tree would kill you? a pool table.
                                    when your boss tells you "i need you to have everything done by friday." you say... i can't have everything done by friday! who do you think i am, robinson crusoe?!
                                                                                                                          i asked my dad if i was adopted... he said, "no, but not from lack of trying."
                                                                                                                                                             give me a minute, i can make this about me.
                                                                                   my wife wanted to have sex in the back of the car..... so i got stuck driving her and her boyfriend around all night.
                                                                                                                     why do lego men hate going to hospital...? because plastic surgery costs a fortune!
                                                                                             too many moms aren't taking care of themselves, need to just laugh more, reddit moms, what makes you laugh?
                                                                     some choices are easier than others: an emergency doctor's appt vs a much needed hair appt. at least if i die my hair will be cute.
                                                                                                        i have an irrational fear of elevators i always feel like they are going to let me down someday.
                                                                                                        what did jesus say when they un-nailed his hands from the cross? the feet, the feet, the feet!!!
                                      a guy walks into a psychiatrists office... ...wearing nothing but saran wrap. the psychiatrist takes one look at him and says "well, i can clearly see your nuts".
                                                                                                                                                           what's a ginger's favorite drink? ginger ale!
                                                                                                           women are like bacon: we look good, we smell good, we taste good, and we will slowly kill you
                                                                                                                               a foot fetishist had a bad experience in bed he got off on the wrong foot
                                                             bank ads make me want to hide my money under my mattress. they also make me want to acquire some money for hiding, but that's a side issue.
                                                                                                           hitting a bullseye requires a lot of practice, good aim, and running from angry, blind bulls.
                                                                                                                 damn, baby got back. and front. and sides. baby three-dimensional. this is a real baby.
                                                                      people always say i make things sound sexual but i try not to pry them open and force my thick throbbing opinion down inside them.
                                                                                              [nsfw] why do penguins have flat dicks? because they masturbate like this *imitates penguin flapping arms*
                                                                           this is your captain speaking. would someone who knows how to be a pilot please come up? i'm literally just pressing buttons.
                                                                                                 a naked man brushed his teeth next to me as i washed my hands. this is why i don't go to the gym often.
                                                                                                                          why don't black people sleep well? because we killed the only one with a dream
                                                                                                                            my penis is so big if i laid it out on a keyboard it would reach from a to z
                                                                                                                                      what do you get when you mix free running with golf? parfour sorry
                                                                                       wearing crocs is like getting a blowjob from a guy... it feels great, until you look down and realize you're gay.
                                                                                                                                              what does batman use to wash his hair? conditioner gordon.
                                                            "like a good neighbor, state farm is there," we chant. another agent appears inside the pentagram and screams. the dark lord feasts tonight.
                                                                     if you wake up on christmas morning with a bad taste in your mouth remember, santa only comes around once a year to empty his sack.
                                                         heard about the new itailian all-weather tires? dago through rain dago through mud dago through snow and when dago flat dago wop-wop-wop-wop...
                                                                                                                         how can penn state fix their problem rebrand themselves as the catholic church.
                                                                                               they could put nuclear missile launch codes in porn movie end credits and they'd still be perfectly safe.
                                                                                                                            why is nicolas cage's radio so loud? he doesn't know how to turn things down
                                                                                                                     what's red and smells like blue paint? red paint. hahahahahahahaha. i need friends.
                                                                                                                                     i like to throw bottles into the ocean with notes that just say, k.
                                                                                   do you know why the easter bunny hides his eggs? because he doesn't want anyone to know he's been fucking chickens!!!
                                                                    start your presentation with a joke my boss asked me to start the presentation with a joke. i attached payslip on the first slide...
                                                                                                             want to know why everyone loves time warner cable? the loading times are out of this world.
                                                                                                                                                  a limbo champion walks into a bar. he loses his title.
                                                                        we gave you nickelback and justin bieber. you responded with the kardashians and honey boo boo. well played america, well played
                                                                                                         joke from my 7 year old cousin - why did the ninja go to college? he wanted to be a ninja-neer.
                                                                   [x-post from r/dyslexia] today i misread 63 as 68 so it took me twice as long to get home with the public transport whoops, wrong bus
  my boss fired an employee unexpectedly today and everyone wants to know why... i think it's because he was caught with a bag of cocaine. but regardless, our boss told us to keep our noses out of it.
                                                                                                                                                  wat do you call the entrance to a whore house? a hodor
                                                                                                                                      what would martin luther king jr. have been if he was white? alive
                                                                                                                                                star wars episode 7? what's next, star wars episode 8???
                                                                                                                               i've never been to pilates but i have tried to change clothes in the car.
                                                                                                                                      sorry just got your text. do you still need to go to the hospital?
                                                                                i had a one night stand with a girl who liked having pitchers of urine dumped on her head. it was a piss poor experience
                                                                                                                                   in a perfect world you'd be able to mark people as spam in real life.
                                                                                      i once told dicaprio a joke about the oscars it took him a while but he finally got it. *edit of an existing joke*
                                                                                            the inventor of autocorrect has died... the inventor of autocorrect has died. i didn't even know he was i'll
                                 i always wear a helmet during intercourse cause i'm a firm believer in safe sex. doesn't help much against the std's but it sure is effective against the pepper-spray.
                                                                                                                     damn, girl are you a sketch on saturday night live? cause you're getting old, fast!
                                                                                                                                            yo mama so fat she has more chins than a  chinese phone book
                                                                                                          why would you wrap masking tape around a 3 day old baby? so it doesn't burst when you fuck it.
                                                                                                     *drives motorized scooter into meeting i'm late for, around the conference table, and out the door*
                                                                                                                             who did the indian girl choose to marry? no one. her parents chose for her.
                                                                                                                                        did you hear about the terrible kidnapping? yeah. he woke up. :)
                                                                                                                                      two law students walked into a bar. and realized it was all a lie.
                                                                              i'm going to start rubbing myself up against people when they've got nice food. if it works for my cat, it'll work for me.
                                                                                                                                what do you call gonorrhea that takes a long time to show up? slow clap.
                                                                                                                                  what's green, slimy, and smells like bacon? kermit the frog's fingers.
                                                                                                                                                there's nothing sadder than a bald eagle with a combover
                                                                                             what did the starfish say when it realized that it lost it's ability to regenerate limbs? i can't remember.
                                                                                                                                      what do you call the babies born in a whorehouse? brothel sprouts.
                                                 what's the difference between a priest and a chilean mining company? one gets its miners stuck in shafts, and the other gets its shaft stuck in minors.
                                                                                                                    what long and hard thing does a norwegian wife get on her wedding night? a last name
                                                                                   til jehovah's witnesses don't celebrate halloween.. guess they don't appreciate random people knocking on their doors
                                                                                                                                                             what type of cheese is made backwards? edam
                                                                what's the difference between a pre-pickled pickle and an ice tray full of semen? one of them is a cucumber and the other is a cumcuber.
                                                                                                       robin williams. did you hear about robin williams dying? they said it was arson but i doubtfire..
                                                       doctor: did you know that there are more than 1000 bones in the human body? larry: shhh doctor! there are three dogs outside in the waiting room!
                                                    born too late to explore the earth, born too early to explore the galaxy, born at just the right time to have sex with virtual reality anime chicks.
                                                                                              why is owning a prius difficult? it's hard to drive when you're patting yourself on the back all the time.
                                                                                                                                   what do you get when you cross an idiot with a watch? a cuckoo clock.
                                                                                                                                       i like my men like i like my coffee. ground up and in the freezer
                                                                                                                             i dropped my phone in my porridge this morning, it took a while to sink in.
                                                                                                                                what did the chemist say when he found out his two pet dogs died? barium
                                                                                                                                                                       told a chemist a joke no reaction
                                                                                                        what do a silver medalist and a child molester have in common? they both came in a little behind
                                                                                                                                               a search party sounds like a fun way to look for someone.
                                                                 so the other day, my friend told me that i have no idea what irony meant... which was pretty ironic, considering we were at a bus stop.
                                        so, so very handsome if sex between three people is a threesome. and sex between two people is a twosome. then...i guess i know why everybody calls me handsome.
                                                                                                                    i bet my friend $1000 i'd never take it in the butt. he says i am just a sore loser.
                                                                                                                                  what are the odds of an anorexic girl joining the clergy? slim to nun.
                                                                                                                                   hey something came in the mail today... what? deez nutz! haha got em!
                                                             i can never remember if x is hug and o is kiss or if it's the other way around, so sorry if our tic-tac-toe game starts off a little weird.
                                                                                                  always remember that the key to a happy marriage is to use those three magic words. you're right dear.
                                                              yeah, he jumped from 128,000 feet, but i fixed the shower today with a 4yo asking what i was doing 128,000 times.... lets call it tie, ok?
                                                                                                                                                  i accidentally got my mom prego... :( she wanted ragu.
                                                                                                                      it's so sad... that a family can be torn apart by something as simple as wild dogs
                                                                                         what did richard nixon say after he tried to make dinner at the white house for the first time? i am not a cook
                                                                                               you call it the irish goodbye, i call it the i never wanted to be here in the first place see you in hell
                                                                                                                          what's the difference between sand and menstrual blood? you can't gargle sand.
                                                                                      sneaking up on me from behind while i'm doing dishes is a super fun way to get yourself stabbed with a steak knife
                                                                                                    no. rt @barackobama: is the song "piano man" about a guy who is actually part piano, like a monster?
                                                                                                                                                            roses are grey, violets are grey. i'm a dog.
                                                                                                                                what does a super star destroyer wear to a formal occasion? a bow t.i.e.
                                                                                              i saw the middle eastern version of "horton hears a who" the other day it was called "achmed hears a boom"
                                                                                                                                                                        nice jeans, everyone in the 90s.
                                              you gotta hand it to leave brits they were so concerned about immigrants ruining their economy that they preempted it and ruined their economy themselves.
                                                         til that 9/10 doctors agree , drinking water is good for children the tenth doctor lives in flint, michigan. edit: calm down /u/andimbacksucker
                                                                                                                                         who is hitlers least favourate character in star wars? jewbacca
                                                                                                                                date: are you a dog person or a cat person? dog: cat person, definitely.
                                                                                                                                         *feels painful possible cavity* *eats chocolate to feel better*
                                                               all new hell's kitchen tonight. going to get into the spirit by hanging out in the kitchen and scream at my wife while she  cooks dinner.
                                                                 mom: take out the trash *i take the trash on a lovely date* mom: not what i meant *i assassinate the trash in an ally* mom: still wrong
                                                                                                     a recent study has linked alcohol to the risk of stroke in women... but i got a dick so lets drink!
                                                                                                                                                  the most i've ever paid for sex.., is through marriage
                                                                                a hipster has just died welcome to heaven, says god. the hipster turns back : no way, i'm going to hell before it's cool
                                                                                                                                   why do they put fences around cemeteries? people are dying to get in.
                                                                                                                                                      i doubt vodka is the answer, but it's worth a shot
                                                   people need to learn how to take a compliment... just today i complimented the most epic mustache i've ever seen and the lady didn't even say thanks.
                                                                                                                                          you know you're getting old when people say you look young..:)
                                                              at nike advertising meeting i need a slogan for these shoes by the end of the day. i don't care how it gets done just do it..hold up a sec
                                                                                                                                     the cops arrested my phone yesterday. they charged it with battery.
                                                                                                           on bad days i like to take a pregnancy test to remind myself that things could be much worse.
                                                                                                what did one octopus say to the other octopus? will you hold my hand hand hand hand hand hand hand hand?
                                                                                                                                   i just had a meeting with john it was stressful and hes full of shit.
                                                                                                                                                           "i will love you forever or until i cum"  men
                     good morning class, science is our lesson for today. teacher: what is science? student: me ma'am! me! teacher: ok pedro! what is science? student: science is our lesson for today.
                                                                                                                                                       three men walk into a bar they all get concussion
                                                                                                                        a magician was driving down the road when suddenly... he turned into a driveway!
                                                                                                                     why did adele cross the road? because she could only say hello from the other side.
                                                                                                                                       why does a pony have a sore throat? because it's a little hoarse.
            two men walk into a bar. the first says, "i'll have some h20". the second says, "sounds good, i'll have some h20 too" the second man [died](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/hydrogen_peroxide).
                                                             excuse me, you with the heels that make your calves perfect, designer dress that accentuates your curves.... you have lettuce in your teeth
                                                                                                                               it takes patience to listen.. it takes skill to pretend you're listening.
                                                                                                                                          knock knock. who's there? grandpa. shit, stop the funeral!!!!!
                                                                                             two tv antennas got married last weekend. the wedding was nothing special, but the reception was excellent.
                                                                                            i'm leaving for london tomorrow. it's going to be really weird tweeting from the left hand side of the road.
                                                                                                                                 parallel lines have so much in common. it's a shame they'll never meet.
                                                                                             two deer walk out of a gay bar one turns to the other and says, "i can't believe i blew 20 bucks in there!"
                                                                         her: what r u doing? me: taking a photo of a glass of tap water on snapchat & see if they have- her: oh god me:-a water filter.
                                                                                                worried about hair loss? just draw little rabbits on your head. from a distance they'll look like hares.
                                                                                                what do you get if you cross a rooster with peanut butter? a cock that sticks to the roof of your mouth.
                                                                                         i feel like if there ever was a zombie apocalypse i'm so numb to them at this point i wouldn't even bat an eye.
                                                                                                              i hate looking in the mirror. whenever i do, there is always some asshole blocking my way.
                                                          how to ruin a movie with one word... **batman begins** college **the longest yard** sale **charlotte's web** cam add your own in the comments!
                                                                                                                                    osama bin laden was really smart he created airdrop before apple did
                                                                              i shall plucketh thine eyes from ye skull and make kebobs but with bendy straws instead of skewers cuz those are dangerous
                                                                                                              i'm not flirting with you. i'm just nice. get over yourself. except you. you get under me.
                                                                                                   happy new year everyone....and may your worries this year last no longer than a kardashian marriage .
                                                                                                                                                    how did the mongols get to europe? steppe by steppe.
                                                                                                                           why do sailors use liquid soap? it takes longer to pick up when they drop it.
                                                                                                           what was the last thing that went through the fly's head when he hit the windshield? his ass.
                                                                                             what has an n, an i, two g's, an e, and an r and can be used to describe people of a certain color? ginger.
                                                                                                            why was the first computer never invited to dinner? it would just take a few bytes then run.
                                                               i'll be signing copies of my tweets this friday at barnes & noble in salt lake city! just meet me by the bathrooms at 5:30 & bring a pen.
                                                                                                                                                            for sale: 5yr old bmw turn signals like new!
                                                                                                                       what do you get if you insert human dna into a goat? banned from the petting zoo.
                                                                                                                                                         i have a new word for vibrator ... selfie stick
                                                                                                                                   what pair of shoes could the ginger only wear? the pair with no sole.
                                                                                                                                                i got this jewish girl's number she rolled her sleeve up
                                                                               mr. tripler, your u.s. patent request for "yo i wanna patent my neighbors cat morpheus so he mine now" has been declined.
                                                                                                                                      why do some vaginas smell like dead fish? cause da pussy killed it
                                                                                                                                                         what do pirates use to copy files? yarrrrrsync!
                                            mercury has a harsh climate, as the day time temperature is 430 degrees celcius. at night however, it freezes to -170 degrees celcius. first world problems.
                                                                                   i walk with a limp so people think i have a gun in my boot. and because i sprained my ankle running away from a moth.
                                                                                      remember when... ... the general motors jobs were in flint, and you couldn't drink the water in mexico. and now...
                                                                                                       what do you get when you mix an obama campaign slogan with fifty shades of grey? rope and chains.
                                                                                                   what's the difference between jesus and a hooker? one of them starts a religion after it gets nailed.
                                                                                                                                  *kicks house door down* i said have you accepted jesus into your life?
                                                                                                                                                     i wear fake "vans"(shoes) so i just call them cars.
                                                                                                                                     what do you call a high person with downs syndrome? a baked potato.
                                                        a knock knock joke i made up when i was 5. knock knock. "who's there?" amanda. "amanda who?" a man, duh. (thought it was hilarious at the time.)
                                                                                                           i think sarah jessica parker quit the church when the minister giggled & said, "let us bray."
                                                                                                                                                                   what do yoda's sheep say? dey go baa.
                                               joss whedon should open his own version of a tractor supply store, with gardening and animal supplies ... ... he could call it whedon feed 'n weed-n-feed
                                                                                why did the shitaki left the party? it was too crowded and there wasnt mushroom. it's a pitty he left... he is a funghi!
                                                    how many redditors does it take to change a light bulb.? three. one to screw it in and the second to take credit for it. and the other to repeat it.
                                                                                                                    a guy i know got hit in the head with a can of soda he was lucky it was a soft drink
                                                            smart man + smart woman = romance . smart man + dumb woman = affair . dumb man + smart woman = marriage . dumb man + dumb  woman = pregnancy
                                                                                                why was the homeless man unsuccessful at stand-up comedy? because his jokes were always in poor taste ..
                                                                                                        why christmas is like a job day? you do all the work but the big fat man in suit get the credits
                                                                   ever noticed how you used to be embarrassed by things you did or that happen to you, but now your first thought is "i can tweet that"
                                                                                                                              my wife and i always compromise. i admit i'm wrong and she agrees with me.
                                                                                                                             i hate "two-faced" people. it's so hard to decide which face to slap first.
                                                                i've been reading an interesting book about rainbows and colors. it taught me different ways to view color. it's not all black and white
                                                                                                                                               how do you kiss a girl on valentines day? you use tulips.
                                                                                                                                                    dress for the job you want others to think you have.
                                                                                                                                           what's obama's favorite thing to do on the weekend? socialize
                                                                                                                                             they should call jupiter jewpiter because its a gas planet.
                                                                                                                     if it defies all logic, and makes very little sense then it was probably my idea...
                                                                                                                                             where did little annie go after the explosion? everywhere!!
                                                                                           today i bought shoes from a drug dealer. i don't know what he laced them with but i've been tripping all day.
                                                                                                                          cheer up grumpy asthmatics by replacing the gas in their inhalers with helium.
                                                                                                                                                          when are the hiest's coming out? they are not!
                                                                                                           what did one gay sperm say to the other? how are we supposed to find an egg in all this shit?
                                                                                          what do a hen house and op's mom's mouth have in common? they're both more productive with a cock inside. nsfw
                                                                                                                                                    why is kim jung un so upset? because he has no seoul
                          i really liked "the force awakens". not everyone did. but we can all agree on one thing. kylo ren was willing to do what the rest of us only think when it comes to dad jokes.
                                                                                                                         how can you tell if a black man has been using your computer? it won't be there
                                                                                                                       i'm in germany. time to drink precisely one bier (beer) and call every man "hans"
                                                                                                     how do you get whole race to hate you? blow up the finish line. (i figured 2 years was long enough)
                                                                                                                how much does a polar bear weigh? enough to break the ice what's up girl my name is bill
                                                                                                                         what dries your clothes but can also make you writhe around in agony? a tumblr.
                                                                                             why did the judge throw out bram stoker's lawsuit? his accusations weren't backed up by vampirical evidence
                                                                                                   how does a american mom know her daughter is on her period? she can taste the blood on her son's cock
                                                                                                                                                             every day is a holiday if you love yelling.
                                                                                   what do pizza boys and gynaecologists have in common? they can smell it, but they can't eat it! (joke from sikipedia)
                                                                                                                                       i'm surprised god doesn't make christian rock bands sound better.
                                                                     you know your life sucks... when your job sucks, your car sucks, your house sucks, but your wife doesn't. - sorry if it's a repost.
                                                                                      "hacker" simply means "a person who is skilled with computers." to describe a computer criminal, use "linux user."
                                                                                                                                    why is the number '9' like a peacock? it's nothing without its tail.
                                                                                      what do you call a one-eyed dinosaur? doyouthinkhesarus (credit goes to whoever submitted that to the coffee news)
                                                                        i want to press charges on santa if he knows when i'm sleeping, and he knows when i'm awake, that has to be considered stocking.
                                                                                       just thought of this burn your dick is so small, when you piss it sounds like wile e. coyote falling off a cliff.
                                                            what should we call this portable computer? some guy: laptop [everyone applauds...w/ tears in my eyes i crumple a paper that says kneeputer]
                                                                                                          *panics during bank robbery* "uhhhh hi yeah i'd like to put this gun in my safety deposit box"
                                                                                                                                     i want to be cremated... so i can finally have a smoking hot body!!
                                                                         "i'm so fucking wet!" she screamed... "give it to me!" alas, she can scream all she wants, but i'm not giving her the umbrella.
                                                                                                                                                  the shortest joke ever two women were sitting quietly.
                                                                         if by "be (your) girlfriend" you mean "catch spiders and hide them in your pockets everyday" then yes, i'll be your girlfriend.
                                                                                          psycho ward break they were all apprehended quiet fast. seems they were all logged on reddit at the same time.
                                                                                                      i sleep with a squirt gun under my pillow just in case a gang of cats break in while i'm sleeping.
                                                                                                                                                            what do you call an irish jew? a leprechaun!
                                                                                                                                      what is green, sings and can be found in the fridge? elvis parsley
                                                                                                                                             i gave up masterbating i haven't been feeling myself lately
                                                                                                                        why did princess diana cross the road? because she wasn't wearing her seat belt.
                                                                                             i hate that one occasional cadbury cream egg you get that has a bloody malformed cadbury bunny fetus inside
                                                                                                            glad i spent 40 minutes getting my 1 year old dressed so she could go outside for 3 seconds.
                                                                                                                           i don't mind your bad kids running around if you don't mind me tripping them.
                                                                                                                           i want a job cleaning mirrors it's something i could really see myself doing.
                                                                                                                                 my nine year old's yo momma joke yo momma so fat her patronus is a cake
                                                                                                             no one sleeps with gandalf because it takes him until first light on the fifth day to come.
                                                                                                                                                                          what is worst then a repost???
                                                                                                                                                             your body is a temple. mine is a graveyard.
                                                                                                                          i wasn't originally going to get a brain transplant but then i changed my mind
                                                                                                                                                                                        flowers bee like
                                                             a kid asks his dad "what's worse: ignorance or indifference?" "johnny", responds his dad, " i neither know nor care." edit: granma grammar.
                                                                                                           what does a hoverboard and a fat girl have in common? reddit gets mad when you call them that
                                                             a random guy held the door & paid for my cinnabon roll at the truck stop today he doesn't know it, but this is the best date in a long time
                                                              hi i'm an evil ghost with the ability to defy time & space, but i think the best example of my powers will be to slightly close this door.
                                                                                                                                     my grandpa dies in a concentration camp he fell from a guard tower.
                                                                                                  what is the difference between hitler and michael phelps? michael phelps can actually finish a race...
                                                                                                                     my friend asked me if i've ever paid for sex i've paid dearly: i've got three kids.
                                                   before scientists discovered... before scientists discovered that the "i before e except after c" rule wasn't universal, they were called sceintists.
                                                                         a radio said to the female radio... -let's make some some baby radios! to which the female radio replied: -i can't, i am stereo
                                                                                                                                                 i'm surprised my son doesn't think his name is 'stopit'
                                                                                                                    give a man a gun he can rob a bank, give a man a bank and he can rob the whole world
                                                                                                                                        animal crackers... ... despised by gluten-free people and vegans
                                                             that moment when you're going to stalk someone and you end up stalking 5 more people because you need to understand the whole conversation.
                                                                                                         i heard it's impossible to ban tank tops in the us... something about the right to bare arms...
                                                               therapist: do you have any regrets? me: well, this one time therapist [pinches bridge of nose] other than buying fat-free salad dressing.
                                                               me: baby i know you had a long day so i drew you a bath her: ah i can't wait to take it *hands her paper* me: i used your eyeliner pencil
                                                                                                                    how to start an argument on the internet step one: state your opinion step two: wait
                                                                                                             my friend just just dumped a funeral director she was dating. she said he was a real stiff.
                                                                                                                                two blondes walk into a building... you thought they would have seen it.
                                                              "oh shit i murdered someone" "you should turn yourself into the police" "great idea!" *puts on badge and hat* "looks like a suicide to me"
                                                                  congratulations to charlie hedbo for selling 3 million issues this week. i guess cartoons featuring mohammed can be quite prophetable.
                                                                                                           what did one cop say to the other cop while investigating a crime scene at a farm? a rooster!
                                                                                                             i recently went to a gathering for turtles... ..bit dull. none of us came out of our shell.
                                                                                                                                                        what did the zero say to the eight? "nice belt."
                                                                                you spoiled brats with your fancy cheerios flavors. when i was a kid cheerios had one flavor, and that flavor was paper.
                                                                                                                         what is large and grey and shoots tourists in africa? an elefanatic, of course.
                                                                                                     being on twitter is like being at a party in that i say stuff to myself and sometimes people listen
                                                                                             if i had a choice between stairs and a runged instrument for ascending things... i would choose the ladder.
                                                                                                 my doctor suggested i use ice to reduce the pain. but i think this whiskey tastes just fine without it.
                                                                            how do you know when you are too drunk to drive? when you swerve to miss a tree and then realise it was your air freshener..
                                                                                                     when i watch the walking dead i can't help but think those zombies are in way better shape than me.
                                                                                        house is a good doctor. he's also got a good heart. he should let his friends see the real him. but he's scared.
                                                                                                          new studies revealed... ... 9 out of 10 people do not consider bullying to be a great problem.
                                                                               fishy tales why couldn't the egyptian fisherman get over the fact that his boat had sunk? because he was stuck in denial.
                                                                                         why doesn't smokey the bear have any children? because every time his wife gets hot he beats her with a shovel.
                                                                                   my daughter got her dress caught in the escalator and i had to keep walking so people wouldn't think she was with me.
                                                               an old man shuffled slowly into an ice cream parlor. he ordered a banana split. the waitress asked, crushed nuts? no, he said. arthritis.
                                                                                                               what's the lightest thing in the world? the penis, because we can lift it with a thought.
                                                                                                                                                      took a girl to starbucks because i forgot her name
                                                                                                                                       what do you call a gay in the middle of the ocean? flambuoyant :)
                                                                                                                  why do children have middle names? so they *know for sure* that they are in deep shit.
                                                                                                                                                           "knock, knock..." "who's there?" "i love mop"
                                                          friends reunion (2016) rachel: [texting from bar] sry smthg came up chandler: [texting from home] same... work joey: [in la] wait this friday?
                                                               botox has a new theme song https://search.yahoo.com/yhs/search?p=i+can%27t+feel+my+face&amp;ei=utf-8&amp;hspart=mozilla&amp;hsimp=yhs-004
                                                                                                                                    why is the kentucky derby run in a circle? they like horsin' around.
                                                              dudes that only retweet chicks: your mom just called. down to the basement. come upstairs. your dinosaur-shaped chicken nuggets are ready.
                                                                                                                                                      it's nice to feel wanted. even if it's by the fbi.
                                                                                                          it's a shock to me that people actually pay their student loans. that's a bill i gave to jesus
                                                                                                                                  i work in construction... we don't have side pieces, we have back hoes
                                                                                     i can tell the way my kids inherited my sarcasm by the way i want to punch them in the face every time they use it.
                                                                                                                          [at work] cw: hey, i found your twi... me: *jumps out window* cw: ...twinkies.
      two cats are swimming across a river, who made it across? one's name is "one two three" and the others name is "un deux trois". who made it across? one two three, because un deux trois cat sank.
                                                                                                                  a truck containing 10,000 unborn fetuses ran off a cliff. luckily, nobody was injured.
                                                                       please stay on the line. your call is important to us. we think we might be in love with your call. we made your call a mix tape.
                                                                                                         so nasa has bombed the moon... so, it seems the moon is hiding weapons of mass destruction too.
                                                                                                                                                           what do you call a girl with one leg. eileen.
                                                                                                                                               why are cows so horny? cause they're always in the moo'd!
                                                                                                   to all the "cougars" out there, shame on you for not calling yourselves "thundercats" shame. on. you.
                                                                                                              why did the pilgrims eat turkey on  thanksgiving? they couldn't get the moose in the oven!
                                                                                                                                                   i'll do you like i do my homework... for two minutes.
                                                                                                                                                   so today is star wars day may the fourth be with you!
                                                                                                                                                    why aren't there any muslim feminists? pork is haram
                                                                                                                               monday mornings are spent avoiding people who might ask about my weekend.
                                                                                                                                 photons have mass? i didn't even know they were catholic! *ba dim tiss*
                                                            interviewer: it says here on your resume you can make chicks laugh, how? me [holding a chick in my hand & tickling it]: i'm a miracle worker
                                                                      dear abby, i saw a questionable mole on this girl i like. how do i tell her without letting her know i hid a camera in her shower?
                                                      how many hipsters dose it take to change a light bulb? a: none they have a guy for that comes on tuesdays only uses reproductions of antique bulbs
     i introduced my new girlfriend to my family last night... "this is my dad roger," i said, "and this is my twin brother dave." "nice to meet you," she smiled. "who's the oldest?" i said, "my dad."
                                                                                                                                   why did humpty dumpty have a great fall? to make up for a bad summer.
                                                               what's the difference between a cat and a comma? a cat has claws at the end of it's paws, a comma has a pause and the end of it's clause.
                                                                                                                                                        well, here i am! what are your other two wishes?
                                                                                                                                 what's blue, white and red? a cancerous child who fall down the stairs.
                                                                                    my dad drowned while at work in a vat of cake mix i know it sounds unlikely but there were some very strong currants
                                                                                                                                       what has four legs and goes "oom! oom!"? a cow walking backwards!
                                                             q: what walks on four legs in the morning, two at noon & three at night? a: the bloodthirsty shapeshifter who hides among us. trust no one.
                                                                                                                                 you know why i like having sex while i'm camping? it's fucking in tents
                                                                                                                                           you'r mum... ...is so **poor** she can't even pay attetntion.
                                                                                  what's the hardest part about eating a vegetable? the respirator. (my dad told me this while he was cooking asparagus)
                                                                                                    my friend was getting an hiv test and he was worried, so i just gave him some advice. stay positive.
                                                                                                                               every toddler is basically a 1/8th scale model of a person on bath salts.
                                                                                             e-mail addresses are kinda like underwear... if you don't change them often enough they'll get full of shit
                                                                                                                                    what do you get when you cross a cow with a trampoline? a milkshake!
                                                                                                                                           which knight of the round table had diabetes? sir lance-a-lot
                                                                                                what do a gynecologist and a pizza delivery boy have in common? they can smell it but they can't eat it.
                                                                                         i was thinking about how duckling is our word for little ducks... so i canceled my order for steamed dumplings.
                                                      what's the difference between an american and a briton? britons think 200 miles is a long distance, and american's think 200 years is a long time.
                                                                                                        did y'all hear about the circus fire this weekend? yeah, scary stuff... they say it was intents.
                                                                                                                            my favorite exercise is a mix between a lunge and a crunch it's called lunch
          a blonde is at the diner a blonde is at a diner and when the waitress comes to take the order, the blonde reads the name tag out loud: 'debbie, how sweet.... what do you call the other one?'
                                                                                                               i'm reading this thesaurus. it's really interesting, or should i say... very interesting.
                                                            for you sir i would recommend one of our deluxe funeral plans where i won't dig you up and slap you around when i'm feeling mad at skeletons
                                                                                                                                                    i found a sub for ethiopian food. . /r/ethiopianfood
                                                               the cats out of the bag now... now the cats in the bag but you can still see its tail.. now the cats rolling around in some sand and dirt
                                                               did you hear about the native american chief who drank 50 gallons of earl grey? he was found dead in the morning, drowned in his tee-pee.
                                                                           i'm proud to be black, said the black man. i'm proud to be asian, said the asian man. i'm proud to be white, said the racist.
                                                                                                                                                                    standing up quickly is my six flags.
                                                                                                                                        how did the telephones get married ? in a double ring ceremony !
                                                                                                                                             my girlfriend messed up baking a tart she was to re-tart it
                                                                                                                                        the opposite of spongebob squarepants is towelweave circleshorts
                                                                                                                 i told this girl i'd date the shit out of her but i guess she doesn't like coprophiles.
                                                                                            if a tree falls down in the woods and nobody is around to hear it... then hipsters would buy the soundtrack.
                                                                 what's the difference between people from dubai and abu dhabi? people from dubai don't like the flinstones but people from abu dhabi do
                                                                                                                                                   what did the frog with internet addiction say? reddit
                                                                                                                                          pick a card, any card. no, not that one. not that one, either.
                                                                                                                                           how was the roman empire cut in half? with a pair of caesars.
                                                                       what does an insomniac, agnostic, dyslexic spend most of his time doing? staying up all night wondering if there really is a dog.
                                                                                                                        why did the little pig try to join the navy?  he loved to sing "oinkers aweight"
                                                                                                 women are like coffee beans: the coarser they are, the more you need to grind them, the finer they get.
                                                                                                        where's my cell? "right there." that's not my phone. "yes it is. i cleaned it!" my cell's white?
                                                                            a horse walks into a bar a horse walks into a bar. the bartender says, "why the long face"? the horse says, "i have cancer".
                                                                                                     and now a mediocre blonde joke: what do you call a blonde who dyes her hair artificial intelligence
                                                                                                                                                                              biggest joke ever? the u.n
                                                                                                                         what do you call a gangster who is really in touch with his emotions? an emo-g 
                                                                                                                                                      what's trump's least favourite vegetable? cillary!
                                                                                                                     what does vlads wife say about his premature ejaculation? just putin, don't russian
                                                                 what did the cpu say to the ram? sorry to cache you out but i want the data closer. the ram replied: you're right, "life" is too short.
                                                                          wouldn't it be weird if you met someone from twitter in real life and all they did is say random one-liners every few minutes?
                                                                                                   pro tip: if you're on a fishing boat and someone calls you chum, they're probably not being friendly.
                                                                                                                                   what happened to the guy who farted in church? he sat in his own pew.
                                                                                                one of the toddlers on the intensive care unit is playing with a toy donkey. icu baby, shaking that ass.
                                                                                            q. how do men define a "50/50" relationship? a. we cook-they eat; we clean-they dirty; we iron-they wrinkle.
                                                                                        did you hear about the chinese chef who broke out of jail? apparently he went out for a wok and never came back.
                                                                           teacher: you've been e-mailing other pupils that i'm ugly! pupil: sorry miss i didn't realise you wanted to keep it a secret.
                                                             so i called up the captain, please bring me my wine. he said: "ma'am, this is a cruise. please don't call me again if there's no emergency"
                                                                                                                                                  what's an activity 9 out of 10 people enjoy? gang rape
                                                                                                                           someone asked me if i like fish balls. i don't know, i've never attended one.
                                                             [zoo] me: haha...this one's face! wife: tha- m [bangs on glass] w: stop it m [pulls funny face] w [elbows me aside] so sorry, 2 tickets pls
                                                                                                  "just spots" "i keep seeing spots in front of my eyes." "did you ever see a doctor?" "no, just spots."
                                                                           if our children don't learn cursive, how will they ever be able to read those inspirational tattoos people put on their ribs?
                                                                                                                when i was an infant i had a nanny that abused me and im still pretty shaken up about it
                                                                                         build a man a fire and he will be warm for one day set a man on fire and he'll be warm for the rest of his life
                                                                                   the guys at futurama really didn't do their research... vice president agnew was at lest a head taller than depicted!
                                                                                       why does the easter bunny hide easter eggs? [nsfw] he doesn't want anyone to know he's been fucking the chickens!
                                                                                          dear internet, once and for all, i agree to all "the terms and conditions" that have or will ever exist. jeez!
                                                                                                                    what do french labor reforms and french citizens have in common? they'll never work.
                                                         a new study says that lesbians have more orgasms than straight people. of course they do. have you ever heard of a dildo premature ejaculating?
                                                                                                    zombies what is a zombies' favorite food? brains. what is a dyslexic zombies' favorite food? brians.
                                                                                                                           what if you had an eye in your asshole? imagine all the shit you would see...
                                                                                     i've been charged with murder for killing a man with sandpaper. to be honest i only intended to rough him up a bit.
                                                                    did you fall from the sky? not because you look like an angel but because your face looks like you fell from a really high place ;).
                                                                                                captain ahab's crew were highly efficient sailors in fact, they were running like a whale oiled machine.
                                                                                              [dad jokes anonymous] "...and i'm clean 30 days" guy from back: hi clean 3o days i'm dad "damn it, jerry!"
                                                                                                                           why should trump be careful of deporting mexicans? it could go south so fast.
                                     my friend just won the scandinavian excavator championship by moving a beer can from one table to another without denting it. my friend knows his ways around beer.
                                                                          i relate to #pizzarat because if i found a slice of pizza as big as a car you can bet i'd try my best to take that thing home.
                                                                                                                                        why does sia live in a low-rent apartment? she loves cheap bills
                                                                                       i'm nervous that my diet pill will stick in my throat, so i usually eat a few cookies after to help push it down.
                                                                                                                   think about a future where humanity has no choice but to leave earth. it's unsettling
                                                                                                                     i think i'm going to vote for trump he did prove his penis is bigger than hillary's
                                                                                                              i am at my most drunk when i go from chat room to chat room yelling who stole my poptart!!
                                                                                                                                                  yo mama is missing a finger and can't count past nine.
                                                                 your favorite anti joke... go for those who don't know [anti joke definition](http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=anti-joke)
                                                                                                                                       what did australian jesus say after the last supper? check, mate.
                                                                                                         a good education is pretty important, but i think being good looking might be more importanter.
                                                                                                                       how do you know if a joke has been posted on reddit before? oh, they'll tell you.
                                                                                                                                little kids are so lucky; they don't have to pay rent or wear deodorant.
                                                                                                                                                  ok redditors i need your best volleyball or nazi puns!
                                                                      one day i hope to be rich enough where i don't feel compelled to refill my fountain soda before i leave a fast food establishment.
                                      psa: if you receive an email saying, "you've won two free tickets to a justin bieber concert!" do not open it. it contains two tickets to a justin bieber concert.
                                                                                                          probably the third-best reason to have kids is if you think it's funny when other people trip.
                                                                                                                                          can you get a tattoo on your penis? yea, but it would be hard.
                                                                                  this kid at the bar just told me nickelback is a better band than metallica.... long story short....send bail money...
                                                                                                                                         hey girl are you the irs, because you're all up in my business.
                                                                                                                                       i never take a stab in the dark. i like to see what i'm stabbing.
                                                                                                                                            i just had my first prostate examination worst dentist ever.
                                                                                   i received an email from google it said, "at google earth we can read maps backwards " i thought, "that's just spam."
                                                                                                                                                         you heard about pluto? that's messed up, right?
                                                                                                                                                        i seasoned my beef with too much salt i'm salty.
                                                                                                                                                                 "mainstream" = "white people found out"
                                                                                                                                                              now a joke for all you psychics on reddit.
                                                                                                                            what is robin williams doing in heaven? not sure, probably just hanging out.
                                                                                                                                                       what is programmers' favorite wine? [yellow tail]
                                                                                                                                          what's great about living in japan? well, the flag is spot on!
                                                                                                                                      why is today a trucker's favorite day? cuz it's 10-4 good buddy!!!
                                                                                                                                           how does a cub scout become a boy scout? by eating a brownie.
                                                                                                                                         i call my dick hard times.. cuz birches always be falling on it
                                                                  *geography bee* judge: "tell me about yemen." me: "chandler said he was moving there when he couldn't breakup with janice on friends."
                                                                 after my grandfather's funeral... i scattered his remains all over my back garden. which was horrible, because he hadn't been cremated.
                                                                                                                   i'm thinking of doing my part and getting into taxidermy... it really is a dying art.
                                                                                                           "aw man, who's going to agree to play frodo in the lord of the rings movies?" "elijah would."
                                                                                                                                                                       what do older women wear? depends
                                                                                            mailboxes were invented so you know how far away you can be in a robe before you look like a mental patient.
                                               i got punched in the face last week - i now spend most of my time stroking gappy teeth with my tongue. i should probably stop making out with pensioners.
                                                                                                                                                         i'm not madagascar, i'm just disappointedgascar
                                                                                                          told this joke when i was three me: "why did the cow cross the road?" parent: "wh-" me: "moo!"
                                                                 my girlfriend sometimes complains about how painful her period cramps are.... i told her to shut up, that's her fault for being a woman
                                                                                                                                   do you have a nose? who nose? courtesy of the ~6yo on my morning bus.
                                                                                                                                        what's the definition of apathy? i don't know, and i don't care.
                                                                                                             my doctor tells me i'm healthy enough for sexual activity...i'm just not attractive enough.
                                                             my therapist told me today that i need to stop talking to inanimate objects, but i mean he's just a lamp so what does he really know anyway
                                                                                                                                                         i was the second man on the moon neil before me
                                                                       what is the difference between a snowman and a snowwoman - what is the difference between a snowman and a snowwoman? - snowballs.
                                                                                                                            one of the best feelings in the world is not having to set your alarm clock.
                                                                                      apparently my hub is a 92 yr old trapped in a younger body. he just referred to you guys as my pinstagram friends.
                                                                                                                                                    how do aliens pay for their coffees? with starbucks!
                                                            i'm not ashamed of my body. i worked hard for athletic build, healthy brown hair, 4 gorgeous legs, strong neck, big wet nose, clip clop feet
         a good dentist and a bad dentist finds out about a new candy store opening good dentist: oh man, i hope the people who go there brush and floss regularly bad dentist: alright!!! job security!
                                                                                                                    you don't need a parachute to skydive... you only need a parachute to skydive twice.
                                                                                                                                                                  whats bigger than your balls? the moon
                                                                                            girl can i ask you a question *gets down on one knee* would you like to make $8,000 a week working from home
                                                                                                                   why did the chicken not cross the road? because it would have been a fowl proceeding.
                                                                me to waitress: do you validate? waitress: parking, you mean? me: no. like, can i read you some tweets and you tell me if you like them?
                                                                                                            even though the nurse who performed my circumcision did a bad job... i still left her a tip.
                                                                                                                                                            whats long and black? the unemployment line.
                                                                                                      "please go to voicemail. please go to voicemail. please go to voicemail." - me making a phone call
                                                                                     what do you call a deer with no eyes? no eye-deer! what do you call a deer with no eyes or legs? still no eye-deer!
                                                                when someone is absolutely positively sure they're right about something is when i'm absolutely positve they're completely full of shit.
                                                                                                                                  i wanted a screamer or a moaner for christmas instead i got a sweater.
                                                                                       3yo: *follows me into bathroom* me: "privacy, please" 3yo: "oh, right" *closes door* "now we have privacy, mommy"
                                                                                                                                           how did the redneck find his sister in the woods? attractive.
                                                                    my teacher told me to tuck my shirt in. i said, "why?" "because it *looks* like you've just had sex," he said, zipping his trousers.
                                                                                                                               i was going to write a joke about taps... ...but i didn't want to faucet.
                                                                                                                                             what does the pokemon dentist do? he takes a pikachu teeth.
                                                                                                                                                           old musicians don't die. they just decompose.
                                                            james[jesus' brother]: i need off my bro passed away boss: gotcha man [3 days later] james: i need off my brothers in town boss: now hold on
                                                                  my baby's sick. we used rectal thermometer on him & he didn't even mind. looks like we might have a little choreographer on our hands.
                                                               no. skinny girls shouldn't be in charge of the office thermostat. you need a middle-aged woman with hot flashes named brenda on the dial.
                       this is very serious ... please read and be aware: if you get an e-mail titled, "nude photo of hillary clinton," don't open it.... it contains a nude photo of hillary clinton !!
                                                                                                                                                        russian nesting dolls are so full of themselves.
                                                                                                                                      where do muslims go after their friday prayer? to the allahu akbar
                                                                              6yo: i wish i was a bird so i could poop on peoples heads. 7yo: why do you need to be a bird? my 7yo is ready for twitter.
                                                                   if you ever take a bus and you don't stare out the window and pretend you're escaping your abusive mother, you're doing it all wrong.
                                                            thanks god for fast food! lucky for us we do not have to hunt our own food, because i don't have the slightest idea where the hot dogs live.
                                                                                                                                             what does a soviet call someone with good vision? glasnots.
                                                                                                                                  what do the police and pokemon have in common? they gotta catch 'jamal
                                                                                                                      do you know where my potted cactus went? [oc] well, i can't put my finger on it...
                                                                                                    what did the man say when the lobster gave him food poisoning? i'm not letting you cook dinner again
                                                                                                             can't help but think if i hadn't eaten that baby corn in 2001 it would now be teenage corn.
                                                                                                                                        how do you find will smith in the snow? follow the fresh prints!
                                                                                                                                  where is waldo? how do you find a blind man at an orgy? it's not hard.
                                                                                                                               what do ghosts say when a girl footballer is sent off ? ban-she ban-she !
                                                                                                                                          what is the opposite of christopher reeve? christopher walken.
                                                                                                                            i want to grab some mexican tonight and then maybe have some dinner with him
                                                                                                                                   what do you call it when isis soldiers run for cover? 100 meter daesh
                                                           a guy's dick is so small... that he has to pay his girlfriend for babysitting every time they have sex. feel free to make this joke better...
                                             if i had a dollar for every gender created in 2016 i'd have one million dollars, unfortunately it would be in monopoly money because none of them are real.
                                                                                                    i told my disbelieving egyptian friend that he was standing in a river... ...but he was in the nile.
                                                                                                                                              im black and crack addict i cant satisfy any of my hoes :(
                                                                                                                                            you never know what you've got until... you clean your room.
                                                                                                         never date a girl with lots of baggage they'll travel too much, you will never get to see them.
                                                                                                                                                      the bible is an attempt to mansplain our existence
                                                                                          if you feed your kitten muscle milk it will become a tiger in as little as 90 days or you get your money back.
                                                                                           what do republicans and porn stars have in common? they're both professionals at switching position on camera
                                                                                                                                                what would martin luther king be if he was white? alive.
                                                              if your iphone gets wet, try putting it in a bag of dry rice. at night, the rice will attract asians who will fix your electronics for you
                                                                                                        my jewish co-worker told me this one what did the pedophile jew tell the kid? "wanna buy candy?"
                                                                                                                  thought of starting an origami business but too lazy to do all the paperwork involved.
                                                             there are two kinds of people in this world, the kind that keep their inbox at zero... and the kind that want to run for president someday.
                                                              you must be radiating feminine mystique because every man in the cafe is looking at you, and then you realize there's a tv over your head.
                                                                               the hot lady across the street had a seizure on her front lawn today. her milf shakes brought the paramedics to the yard.
                                                                               why do stasi officers make such good taxi drivers? you get in the car and they already know your name and where you live.
                                                                                                              why did the old man sneak past the cupboard? he didn't want to wake up the sleeping pills.
                                                                                                                        "alcohol is just water with feelings in it," said the girl who failed chemistry.
                                                                                             "what did you do with my 40 pounds of spinach?" me: i cooked it for you. it's over there, on that teaspoon.
                                                                       hey dad, your neighbor called, they wanna know if you could turn down your tv, they've already heard this episode of law & order.
                                                                                                                                                  shakespear's hip hop stage name will.i.ambicpentameter
                                                                                                           prostitute pony what did the prostitue pony where on its hooves? whore shoes. ok, i'll stop:(
                                                                             the most toxic substances known to mankind. 1. arsenic 2. cyanide 3. polonium 4. mercury 5. the league of legends community
                                                                                                                                        what is captain picard's favorite chinese takeout ? make it tso!
                                                                                                                                      if i wanted to kill myself i'd climb your ego and jump to your iq.
                                                                                                                                                             why did princess di cross the road? interia
                                                              this year, measuring your accomplishments against lindsay lohan's will ensure you feel like a winner merely for avoiding the penal system.
                                                                                                                                                       what don't homeless people get? knock knock jokes
                                                            just removed my bra, whipped it around my head, and tried to toss it away, but a hook got caught in my hair. available for bachelor parties.
                                                                                                                 q: why doesn't saddam go out drinking? a: why should he when he can get bombed at home?
                                                                                                                      *6 hours of russian roulette* me: "i think i forgot to load a bullet in this gun."
                                                                                                                           why didn't the cow go on to greener pastures? she couldn't find any mooovers.
                                                                                                                            why did adele cross the road? so she could sing 'hello from the other side'!
                                                                             i had an artist put a tattoo of an asshole put over my asshole. that way i can say, "are you referring to me or my tattoo?"
                                                                                                                                                what do you call a blonde with two brain cells? pregnant
                                                                                           we have a local weatherman who often forecasts "changeable skies." he makes a lot of money to make that call.
                                                              a boy giving complaints. kid: mom, some kid is calling me gay mama: hit him, in the face. kid: i cant mom: why? kid: cause, he's so cute!!
                                                                                                                                              "please stop being mean" - me 3 seconds in to a rap battle
                                                                                                                                 q: why do ghouls wear glasses? a: so they don't bump into other ghouls.
                                                                                                           procrastination kid in class: "hey, what does procrastination mean?" me: "ill tell you later"
                                                                                                                                             can putting ketchup on everything affect your credit score?
                                                "we don't serve time travellers here" said the bartender... "we don't serve time travellers here" said the bartender. a time traveller walks into a bar.
                                                                                              me: *gets in pool* come on in. 4-year-old: no, there might be sharks. me: 4: me: 4: me: *gets out of pool*
                                                                                                                                        what's green and has wheels? the grass. i lied about the wheels.
                                                                                                                                              why does noddy have bell on his hat? because he is a cunt.
                                                                                                                            why don't the blind bungee jump? because it scares the fuck out of the dogs.
                                                                                                                                     so i tried coprophilia for the first time today. it's fucking shit.
                                                                                                                                                       ever had sex while camping? it's fucking intense.
                                                                                                                       why did the cowboy get a dachshund? because he wanted to get a long little doggy.
                                                                   drill sgt didn't like me giving unlicensed chiropractic adjustments to the platoon when he told me... get your hands off my privates!
                                                                                                                     i cant believe ashton kutcher made the apple computer and iphones. thank you ashton
                                                                                                               what do you call a muslim who plays '50s rock music during ramadan? a rama-dana-ding-dong
                                                                                                                                       it's good to know how to jerk off sometimes... it comes in handy.
                                                      "enough with the boys, i need a real man..." ...i said to myself while taking out the batteries from my game boy and putting them into a vibrator.
                                                            whenever people are like "we need to restore traditional values to this country" i assume they mean slavery and burning witches at the stake
                                                                                                          i tried to make a clock with no battery for the digital clock competition but it didn't count.
                                                                                                                                why do we call rulers "your highness"? because that's what they measure.
                                                                                                  you've seen nothing until you've seen a picture of a pigeon having a job interview to become a pigeon:
                                                                                 my friend asked me what a freudian slip means. i told him, "it's when you mean to say one thing, but fuck your mother."
                                                                                     what's the difference between a bull and an orchestra? the bull has the horns in front and the asshole in the back.
                                                                                                 dear redditors, i do not mean to sound slutty, but you can use me whenever you want. sincerely, grammar
                                                                                                                                  i was fired from my job in the pasta factory. i made a fusilli errors.
                                                                                                                                               i changed my ipod's name to "the titanic". it's synching.
                                                                                                    why did the feminist cross the road? to kick a sleeping homeless man in the head and steal his money
                                                                                                                                    asian airlines offer new deal to customers... pay only upon arrival!
                                                                                                           my deaf girlfriend was talking in her sleep last night... she nearly took my fucking eye out.
              q: who has the right of way when four cars approach a four-way stop at the same time? a: the pick up truck with the gun rack and the bumper sticker saying "guns don't kill people. i do."
                                                                                                                                    two fish were in a tank. one said "you man the guns and i'll drive!"
                                                            until you've thrown up peanut butter and jelly onto an 8 year old at the beach on a sunday, don't talk to me about your "drinking problems."
                                                a student sits at his desk and begins his economics exam. he opens the paper and reads the first question. to germany, how much is greece worth - 1 mark
                                                              to women over 40, a guy with a belly and a sense of humor is a great catch. a guy who's buff is considered a narcissist and a pole-smoker.
                                                                                                                                   i tried to make a joke about cults... but the punchline was too long.
                                                                                                                                          if you're appraching a 5th wipe you should just take a shower.
                                                                                                                              i can't believe google is cocky enough to start guessing after one letter.
                                                                                                          me: i love you him: you just drank 1/4 of your beer through your nostril me: that is also true
                                                                                                                     hot singles in your area are being turned into grilled cheese sandwiches right now!
                                                                                                                                                    great news insomniacs! only 12 sleeps til christmas.
                                                                                 me: but where do you see this relationship in five years? her: sir! for the last time, do you want extra cheese or not?
                                                                                    a teacher asked her class what their favorite letter was. a student raised his hand and said "g" why is that angus??
                                                                                      why did the programmer get a job working with big data when his wife died? he just needed a little bit of clojure.
      so the woman sitting next to me on a plane with an infant in her lap looks over to me and asks, "do you mind if i breast feed?" and i respond, "no thanks i already ate." too harsh of a dad joke?
                                                                                                                                             if sex is a pain in the ass ... then you're doing it wrong.
                                                                                                                            if you told me 100% of serial killers were "morning people" i'd believe you.
                                                                                                                               a man with a mirror leaves a party... ... and says "i'll see myself out."
                                                                                 khakis in most places, losing your khakis means you have no pants. in boston, if you lose your khakis, you can't drive.
                                                                                                                                                    what do you call a nose without a body? nobody nose.
                                                                                                         i've written a musical called fish. it's very similar to cats, although memory's a lot shorter.
                                                                                                   masturbation isn't illegal ...but i'm sure if it was, people would take the law into their own hands.
                                                                                           so i knew this lady, and even though she was a prostitute..... she had the prettiest face i ever came across.
                                                                                                                                 why was six afraid of seven because seven was a registered six offender
                                                      what do you call a mentally ill person without arms and legs? call him whatever you want, its not like he's gonna get up and do anything about it.
                           a black first-grader runs home crying -mommy mommy all my friends at school make fun of me cause i have a gigantic penis. his mom looks at him weird and says- "nigga you 17"
                                            i locked my keys in my car outside of an abortion clinic the other night. it turns out they get really pissed when you go in and ask them for a coat hanger.
                                                                                      how many politicians does it take to screw in a lightbulb? you hold the lightbulb and every politician screws you!
                                                                                                                                                                    how much does a dragon weigh? wonton
                                                                                "dave's coming for dinner tonight." "dave from work or dave who misquotes disney...?" [from outside] "...hakuna banana."
                                                                                                                                      i hate my new haircut!! ... but it'll grow on me =d do you get it?
                                                                                                                                                     what kind of trees watch kids in mexico? baby cedar
                                                                                                                                        life tip: do not treat your woman like an object. it hates that.
                                                                                                   me: can i order the conch fritters please? waitress: the "ch" is pronounced like a "k" me: okay bick.
                                                                                                   stephen hawking is an inspiration he's earned millions in the past 10 years without lifting a finger.
                                                                                                                                                                     so a dyslexic guy walks into a bra.
                                                    what is a pedophiles favorite italian meal? chicken statutory....i'm going, i'm going...sorry but this is how my brain works before i've had coffee.
                                                                                                                                        this stupid farmers market doesn't have any locally grown pizza.
                                                                                                                                 what do you call a red-head that works at a bakery? a ginger bread man.
                                                                                                                               what do you get if you cross a telephone with an iron? a smooth operator!
                                                                                      fact: a lot of women turn into good drivers. lesson: if you're a good driver, watch out for women who are turning.
                                                                                       first rule of robbing banks is you have to shout, "this is a robbery!" otherwise they might think it's a baptism.
                                                                                                                                dear girl scouts, your mints did not make me thin. ps. please send more.
                                                                                                what's wrong with lawyer jokes? lawyers don't think they're funny, and nobody else thinks they're jokes.
                                                                                                       "hey man, the hot girl from class winked at me today!" "really, bro?" "yeah, with both eyes too!"
                                                                                                                                                 what does dna stand for? national dyslexia association.
                                                                                                                        if you're turning left with your car, which wheel steers less? the spare one! :p
                                                                                                                                                                what's forrest gump's password 1forrest1
                                                                                                                                           wait, these are pistachios? i've been calling them wood clams
                                                                                                                        there are 5 flies in the kitchen, which one is the cowboy? the one on the range.
                                                                                                                        what happens when two dogs breed in a pound? dog pound dog pounds dog pound dog.
                                                                                                                                                          i wish robot servants were affordable already.
                                                                                                                              who is modern fiction's most notorious serial killer? george r. r. martin.
                                                                                                   i'm glad lassie wasnt my dog. i just want to watch tv, i don't want to be constantly rescuing people.
                                                                                                                                      what do you get when you cross an elephant and a rhino? 'elephino!
                                                                                         wifey is giving me the silent treatment for spending the entire night on twitter. win/win, you guys... win/win.
                                                                                                                                    as a white person, i have a primal fear of getting lost in the snow.
                                                                                                                                                                                 speaking of one-liners,
                                                       how many us congress members does it take to change a lightbulb? only one. they just hold it still and wait for the world to revolve around them.
                                                                                                                                                           what do you call fake spaghetti? an im-pasta!
                                                                                                   did you hear about the beef jerky manufacturer who was convicted of fraud? it was a cut and dry case.
                                                                                       i always thought my brother was studying weather. . . but whenever i ask him he says he's studying meaty urology.
                                                                                                                         a jewish girl asks her dad for $50... "$40? what on earth do you need $30 for?"
                                                             (climbing out of my coffin) i'm sure you all have a lot of questions, but firstly the reason i faked my death is- [nobody is at my funeral]
                                                                                                           don't give her a fitbit for mother's day. i repeat, don't give her a fitbit for mother's day.
                                                                            whenever two people argue over something, yell out "objection" and then contradict the one wearing something you don't like.
                                                                                                                                       what do you call a rainbow of jeeps in the driveway? roy jeep biv
                                                                             i heard william shatner and stevie nicks are getting married. she's decided on a double barrelled name stevie shatner-nicks
                                                                                                              this ice creamery has less choices than a black person considering college options in 1954
                                                                                                                                                          what do you call an elderly vampire? grampire.
                                                                                                                              what world athletic sporting event is held every four years? the olympigs!
                                                         people can be so easy to read... ...like if their face is red, they're embarrassed. or if their skin is brown, they're about to commit a crime.
                                                                                              women expose 90% of their body when wearing a bikini men are nice enough to only look at the covered parts
                                                                                                                                                          what type of blood does a keyboard have? typo.
                                                                                                                                          i bet there are muppets that have thought about shanking elmo.
                                                          did you hear about the agnostic? did you hear about the agnostic insomniac with dyslexia? he stayed up all night wondering if there was a dog.
                                                                                                                 how many chicago policemen does it take to crack an egg? none. it fell down the stairs.
                                      a man walks into his therapist's office wearing nothing but saran wrap.. so the therapist takes one look at the man and says, "well, i can clearly see your nuts."
                                new research shows there are no ginger bankers... survey results suggested that although many wanted to work in finance, they wern't able to sell their soul to satan...
                                  what does a burning mexican farm smell like? tacos. overheard an old man telling another guy how he lost his farm in mexico , and how the smell reminded him of tacos.
                                                                                                                                              why couldn't the nsa leave their houses? they got snowden.
                                                                                                                                                           how does a nazi high five? up heil, down low!
                                                                                                                                 let us not forget what today is the day will smith saved us from aliens
                                                                                                          i'm pretty great with money. folks keep calling me and telling me my accounts are outstanding.
                                                                                so i was complaining about 1st world problems the other day when i realized that my complaining is a first world problem
                                                                                                                                             what do fish call a submarine? unidentified floating object
                                                                                                                                     why can't you put two dicks in one condom? because it's too hard...
                                                                                                   sometimes for fun i like to pick up hitchhikers. when they open the door i say "hey! sorry i'm late."
                                                                          fifteen years ago i asked my high school crush out on a date, yesterday i asked her to marry me... ... she said no both times.
                                                                           how many 3rd wave feminists does it take to change a lightbulb? whats the point? 3rd wave feminists can't take a joke anyway.
                                                                                                                                                      indie-tarts: the nuanced alternative to pop-tarts.
                                                                                                                          made my mom the most beautiful mother's day card out of my psychiatrist bills.
                                                                                                                       i will not click on your tinyurl link, no matter what people are saying about me.
                                                                        i'm a homewrecker in the sense that i got sick out both ends in the attic and it soaked through the ceiling in 3 different rooms
                                                                                                                                                                                     new zealand cricket
                                                                             what's the difference between swine flu and bird flu? for swine flu you need "oinkment", for bird flu you need "tweetment".
                                                                                                                                        school is like a boner.. it's long and hard unless you're asian.
                                                                                                                                              what do you throw a drowning aboriginal? his wife and kids
                                                                                                                                what type of pants does mario wear? denimdenimdenim...denimdenimdenim...
                                                                           how i flirt is how i run. it's funny to watch, i have no form, and i end up sweating like a mother fucker whenever it's over.
                                               persuading girl into having sex with you is like spreading the butter on a toast. it is possible with credit card, but it makes more sense using a knife.
                                                                                                       what's the difference between adolf hitler and usain bolt? usain bolt can actually finish a race.
                                                                                                                      how did george w bush use reggae to win his election? he needed an al gore riddim.
                                                                                                                               why do black people have white hands? there's a little good in everybody.
                                                                                    i recently found out my blood type is a+ however, in my tests i only get b or less. doesn't success run in my blood?
                                                                                                                      why did the midget get slapped? because he told a woman how nice her hair smelled.
                                                                                   i have a feeling that scalia was sad that he was going to be alone on valentine's day... ...and it broke his heart...
                                                                                12yo: can we go to a haunted house this year? me: what's wrong with the one we live in? 12yo: what?! me: goodnight, son.
                                                                                                                                                       my wife don't want to have anal sex butt fuck her
                                                                                                                                               what's the most cleanest animal on the planet? a hygiena.
                                                                                                                                      in person it's lying, but in texting, you can just call it a typo.
                                                                                                  what does a catholic priest and a silver medalist have in common.....they both came in a little behind
                                                                                                                    why is it called a wonder bra? when she takes it off you wonder where her tits went.
                                                                                 how many java programmers does it take to change a light bulb? one to generate a "changelightbulb" event to the socket.
                                                                            attention girl: why do you look so sad? boy explains his whole problem girl: oh, that's why you didn't notice my nail paint?
                                                                                   what's e.t short for? because he's got little legs. but seriously, what does et stand for? because he can't sit down.
                                                                                                                         what do dead kids and jokes about dead kids have in common? they never get old.
                                                              when i kiss a girl, sometimes i dont know what to do with my hands, so i slow clap behind her head to make sure she knows i'm enjoying it.
                                                                                                                                                            what disease do horses fear most? hay fever!
                                                                                                                "i live my life .402 kilometers at a time, chap" - fast and furious 7: now we're british
                                                                            why do men find it difficult to make eye contact? they're trying not to attract any more undue blame then they already have.
                                                                         me: what? a lot of people launch shopping carts across parking lots wife: yeah but they take the kid out first! son *screaming*
                                                                                                                   why weren't there any black guys in the flintstones? because they were still monkeys.
                                                                                                          i like my sex like i like my belts... if it's not tight enough, i'll move it to another hole .
                                                                                                         i'm think about taking up jousting so i have something to talk about at awkward dinner parties.
                                                                                                                  what did the amputee say to his mom when he learned to ride a bike? look ma, no hands!
                                                                                     why does walmart have so many handicapped parking spots? because they want to have some available to customers too!
                                                              [sees girl reading lord of the rings] "ah i love that book. the way that guy is just [clenches fist] the lord of all those freakin rings."
                                                                                                                                                                what's forrest gumps password? 1forrest1
                                                                                                                wait, so hallways in mental institutions aren't called psychopaths? well they should be.
                                                                                                      what's worse than waking up at a party with a penis drawn on your face? finding out it was traced.
                                                                                                              what did the banana say to the vibrator? why are you shaking? she's going to be eating me!
                                                                                                                            a cowboy opens a german car dealership his business card says "audi partner"
                                                                                                                                                               why are asprins white? because they work!
                                                                                                                                        how do you tell if you're a real gangster? take a blud test [oc]
                                                                                                                                                    it's like 10,000 goons when all you need is a knight
                                                                                                                     did you hear about the guy who had five cocks? they say his pants fit like a glove.
                                                                                                                                                     come a little closer so i can push you away.  women
                                                                *at casino* when he hands you $100 and asks you to go get chips, do not ask him doritos or lays. get both. it will leave him speechless.
                                                                                          what do australians and wetting yourself in the basement have in common? they're both incontinence down under.
                                                  what do you have if you have one fuzzy, green ball in one hand and another fuzzy, green ball in the other hand? kermit the frog's undivided attention.
                                                                                                                                                     what's the pope's favorite power tool? a cathedrill
                                                                                                                                                   q: what do you say when a dog runs away? a: dog-gone!
                                                              met a cute guy at the gym we like all the same movies and he loved my shoes. we have a movie date tonight and he's bringing his boyfriend.
                                                                           there's a new wheelchair party forming but it doesn't really stand for anything. (at least it'll always have a spokes person)
                                                                                                      what's the difference between santa claus and the jews? the way they traveled through the chimney.
                                                                                                                                              i'd do a joke about amphibians. but they've all been toad.
                                                               it was karaoke night. my friend chose to sing, "we are young". he sung it horribly. so i told him, "you're no fun." i'll show myself out.
                                                                                                                                           why do white girls like odd numbers? because they can't even.
                                                                                 as kid, it was always easy to find the black kids on the playground... they were always hanging around the monkey bars.
                                                                                                                                                                                 funny and strange video
                                                                                                               prostitution is the only industry where freshers are paid more than the experienced ones.
                                                                      jack and jill went up a hill each with a buck and a quarter.. jill came down with two fifty.. that fucking whore. ( the dice man )
                                                                                                                                         why did the vampire sit on a pumpkin? it wanted to play squash.
                                                                                       what did the cannibal wipe with . . . . . . after he ate some people at the library? pages from *reader's digest*
                                                                did you hear about the clarinet player who left her clarinet in the backseat of her unlocked car? when she got back, there were 14 more.
                                                                                                                  when transformers was filmed in detroit michael bay had to use cgi to repair buildings
                                                                                            i hate when netflix asks if i'm still watching. you really think i got my life together in the last 2 hours?
                                                                       if you're literally asking me to choose between our relationship and my career as a reporter well then i've got some news for you
                                                                                 what did the easter egg say to the boiling water? its gonna take a while to get me hard, i just got laid by some chick.
                                                                                                           whenever i am lonely or depressed my piano makes me feel better... its an appreciating asset.
                                                                                                                                                     knock knock? who's there? come in. come in who? me.
                                                                                                                                                           which blood type does a bad speler have? typo
                                                            where was the nsas wire taps when the mccallisters were leaving messages w all the neighbors that kevin was abandoned & alone? thanks obama.
                                                                now that it's abandoned nudes, i hope playboy goes with its other major brand identity and becomes a magazine about a very fancy rabbit.
                                                                     i don't know. "hairy ass" makes me sound kinda edgy but "fuzzy bum" is more family friendly. it's a tough call. resumes are tricky.
                                                                                                                indoor trash bin that keeps getting taller until someone finally decides to take it out.
                                                                                                do you know why beer goes through your system so fast? because it does not have to stop to change color.
                                                                                                                        what did the australian grandmaster say to the waiter after eating? check, mate.
                                                                                                                                                     what do you call a monkey in a minefield? a baboom!
                                                                                                                      what did ava braun say to adolf hitler? i love you so much, my head could explode!
                                                                          local news station is airing a segment on free rent in exchange for sex. look, you don't have to tell me how a marriage works.
                                                                                                                police caught me leaving trader joe's without buying pita & hummus now i'm going to jail
                                                                i just read an article in the newspaper about how 60% of adults still live with their parents. i was like "omg mum did you read this???"
                                                                                                                                                               what do you call an inflatable dad? pops.
                                                               her text: i'm tanning. call you when i'm done. my thoughts: she's naked naked naked naked naked naked naked naked naked naked naked naked
                                                                                                                                                   hey baby, is that a gun in my pocket? get in the van.
                                                                                                       i'm pretty sure if dogs could talk their most common phrase would be "are you going to eat that?"
                                                                                                                                                  jared should be okay in prison he is used to 6 inches.
                                                                my neighbors complain about me throwing my cigarette butts on the lawn but they'll be pumped when a cigarette tree sprouts in the spring
                                                               1. sit down next to stranger on park bench. 2. place an envelope beside him. 3. whisper, "it has to look like an accident." 4. walk away.
                                                                                                                        i used bing to search something the other day. that's it. that's the whole joke.
                                                                                          i told you to act natural while i paint. why are you guys all sitting on the same side of the table? - davinci
                                               a brunette doing laundry asked her blonde friend to help her find a match for her sock. the blonde replied ''what for? are you going to set it on fire!''
                                                                                                                                                    what do you call graveyard shenanigans? tombfoolery.
                                                                                                                                          in soviet russia... ...end of joke is when line punches *you*.
                                                                                                                                                 hottest fabric on ramps in paris this season: kevlar...
                                                                                          'kyrgyzstan' is what happens when you've already named all the other countries and you have left over letters.
                                                                                                                                                    i tried to duck it, but i just wasn't quack! enough.
                                                                                                                                                   what's a pirates favourite video game genre? arr-pg's
                                                                                                                                         santa's helper takes a picture in the mirror, is that an elfie?
                                                                                        my cat is rubbing herself all over me because she wants me to stroke her. it's like she's a drunk version of me.
                                                                                    why couldn't we get precise kinetic data on the phosphine-catalyzed reaction? the reaction rate was too phos-phor-us
                                                                                                                           *goes to walgreens for memory pill supplements* *forgets what they're called*
                                                                                                                                                                    japanese soccer. 'murica, fuck yeah!
                                                                                                                       i'd read books on my ipad but it has movies and those work better with my stupid.
                                                                             theres no point in tailgating me when i'm going 50 in a 35 zone also, those red flashing lights on your car look ridiculous
                                                                                                                                         a wavy guitarist has a low self esteem he just wanted to b-flat
                                                                                             so i just heard there is a disease killing off the alligator population in florida. they all got gatorades.
                                                                                                                                                      i once ate an entire pack of rope i shit you knot.
                                                                                                                                       all dick jokes are basically the same... they just vary in length
                                                                                 i don't mean to brag but my stalker has ocd so he trims my bushes while he's hiding in them waiting for me to get home.
                                                                                               why hasn't mexico got an olympic team? because the ones who can run, jump and swim are already in the u.s
                                                                                                 what do you feel when you accidentally run over and kill a group of geese crossing the road? goosebumps
                                                                                                                                 my cat deleted my final thesis. don't believe me? cats can handle mice.
                                                             seth rogen and james franco having their movie pulled due to terrorist threats sounds like the plot of a seth rogen and james franco movie.
                                                                                                                                           how does a feminist ask for halloween candies? trigger treat.
                                                                                                                                  [end credits roll] "i did not see that coming" "dude that was titanic"
                                                                                                i organized a threesome this past weekend. there were a couple of no-shows, but i still had a good time.
                                                                                                                                  has anyone heard the joke about the baby with aids? it never gets old.
                                                                                                                                                          why is tumblr so odd? because they can't even.
                                                                          the sincerest form of flattery is having a robot from the future sent back in time to kill you. imitation is a distant second.
                                                                                                                                        subway, eat flesh. (if hannibal lector owned chain restaurants.)
                                                                   x-post from r/jokes: "hey! the dog you sold me yesterday just fell over and died today!" "huh, strange. he's never done that before."
                                                                                 *desperately tries to get screaming newborn daughter latched onto my nipple* hmmmm. she must not realize i'm a feminist
                                                                                                                                                           what do you call a gay dentist? a tooth fairy
                                                                                                  if i got a dollar for every time a girl told me i was unattractive .. .. i'd eventually be attractive.
                                                                                                                                               how do you eat a bald pussy? you remove her diaper first.
                                                                                                                       what do you call a midget psychic that escaped from jail? a small medium at large
                                                                                                   "i'll take the batmobile. robin, you take the--" [robin doing up laces] "the batskates, yeah i know."
                                                            [at bar] "yeah i pulled down a solid 6 figs last year." whoa that's impressive! "i know, right! can't believe i got fired by that fig farm."
                                                                                                                                                           what has 4 wheels and flies? a garbage truck.
                                                                                                 what did the ukrainian scientist receive after discovering the dangers of radiation? a chernobel prize.
                                                                                                                              i like my men like i like my coffee shops. clean. smells nice. free wi-fi.
                                                                 the older i get the more i realise how important it is to have two different cereals on the go at the same time so you don't get bored.
                                                                        "have u seen my cat?" "i saw a cat down the road?" "really? [shows me a picture] was it this cat?" "no, the one i saw was dead."
                                                                                                                 why don't you ever see elephants hiding up in trees? because they're really good at it.
                                                                                                            if trump had a brick for every lie hillary has said he'd be able to build the wall for free.
                                                              if your conservative parents piss you off over the holidays, come out to them. you don't even have to be gay, it's just a fun thing to do.
                                                                                                                                                    why are all castles disabled? they all have tur-rets
                                                                                          *on a first date* me: [remembering how my friend said women like mysterious men] my favorite color is a secret
                                                                                                                                                   how to make a gay man fuck a woman? shit in her cunt.
                                                                                                              my 6 yo just chugged a bottle of water in 30 seconds. now i'm fearful of her college days.
                                                                                                  my wife caught me measuring my dick. embarrassing! it reached just to the back of her sister's throat.
                                                                                                                                                         want to here a word i just made up? plagiarism.
                                                                                        if it weren't for marriage, women would have to spend most of their adult lives arguing with complete strangers.
                                                                                                                          why did the farmer name his pig "pork chop" because 'bacon' was already taken.
                                                             shaved my legs for the 1st time in forever today. it was like taking a bulldozer to the rainforest. birds flying out, villagers scattering.
                                                                                                                      what do you call an anorexic with a yeast infection? a quarter-pounder with cheese
                                                                                                                  i'm appalled by the amount of sex, violence and profanity on tv. it's too fucking low.
                                                                                                   i just got a phd my penis enlargement operation went well. now i am proud to have a pretty huge dick.
                                                                                                                    the difference between an oral thermometer and a rectal thermometer is in the taste.
                                                                                                  my wife said, "you always blame everyone else when things go wrong" i said.."and whose fault is that?"
                                                                                                                                                         are you from boston? because you're the bomb...
                                                                        my 4yo just noticed me trying to throw out an old, wrecked piece of lego & by the look he gave me i'm afraid to go to sleep now.
                                                             exercise can add years to your life. this enables you, at 95 years, to spend an additional five months in a nursing home at $7,000 a month.
                                            so hitler was helping anne frank with her homework. she was having alot of trouble with it, so hitler said "it's ok anne, you just need more concentration!"
                                                                                                                                          why is thor's brother always overlooked? because he's low key.
                                                                                        [in traction] before you ask, yes you can make cheese from moose milk and no i didn't think she'd spook so easy.
                                                                                                      if you're reading this you're probably addicted to the internet. and by internet, i mean facebook.
                                                  what do you call a cow with no legs? ground beef. what do you call a cow with three legs? lean beef. what do you call a cow with two legs? your momma!
                                                                 her: what are you doing?! me: *puts naked barbie away. 'it's not voodoo if that's what you think! her:freak! me:did you feel--anything?
                                                                     what do you get if you cross an insomniac, an agnostic and a dyslexic? a person who stays up all night wondering if there is a dog.
                                                                                           what does a man and a linoleum floor have in common? if you lay 'em right, you can walk on them for 20 years.
                                                                                                            to celebrate star wars we baked some "wookie cookies". they were a little on the chewy side.
                                                                                                                  white folk hate math. especially when they heard in calculus they'd have to integrate.
                            after sex a woman tells a man that she didn't like his performance, that his organ was to small. he looks at her and says "i didn't know i would be playing in a cathedral".
                                                                        how many teenagers does it take to screw in a lightbulb? 2, but you'll have to find a really big lightbulb to fit them in there.
                                                                                                                          what's the hardest part about roller-skating? telling your parents you're gay.
                                                                                                                   it should be illegal to own a bug-eyed pug and not make it wear sunglasses in public.
                                                                                                                                                 my computer just said hello to me. i think it's a dell.
                                                                                                 i just want to make enough money to live in a neighborhood where starbucks doesn't lock their bathrooms
                                                                       what happened when a doctor crossed a parrot with a vampire? it bit his neck sucked his blood and said "who's a pretty boy then?"
                                                                                                                    why did the chicken cross the road? because north korean missiles don't go that far.
                                                                                         black people don't have inside voices, they only have "i want to make sure everyone fucking hears this" voices.
                                                                                                      what's the only thing better than winning a gold medal at the special olympics? not being retarded
                                                                                                          what's the difference between batman, and a black man batman can go to the store without robin
                                                                                                                                                                           so... i want ebola cereal... 
                                                                                                                               about 1,503 people died from the titanic disaster. just let that sink in.
                                                                                                                                                what does the 'h' in jesus 'h' christ stand for? haploid
                                                               [arcade] kid: dad, some guy is hogging the claw machine dad: hey buddy, why don't you give the kid a turn lobster: back off we're in love
                                                              [i time travel and bring back shakespeare] shakespeare: what's this? me: that's a meme shakespeare: what the hell is wrong with you people
                                                                            you can pick your friends, you can pick your nose, you can cry when the girl you used to babysit gets engaged before you do.
                                                                                                                      fact - if you add "ish" to your time, like 9:00ish, you're never late for anything
                                                                                                                   if a tree falls in the forest and no one hears it, a hipster will buy the soundtrack.
                                                                                                                                                                      some lemons just handed me a life.
                                                                                                                       your mom's had so many trains run on her... ...they call her the island of sodor.
                                                                                                                                 why don't melons ever run away and get married? because they cantaloupe
                                    i was feeling down. my girlfriend told me to go somewhere that i haven't been in a while that would cheer me up. (nsfw) so i stuck it in her ass. i feel much better
                                                                                            q: why did clinton waffle on military  action in bosnia? a: his area of expertise is dodging armed conflict.
                                                                                      i'm so glad we could finally reconnect after all these years because i'd really like your help on my virtual farm.
                                                                                                                in america saying you're the bomb is a compliment but... in afghanistan it's a question.
                                                                                                                                             what do you call a robbery in china ? a chinese take away !
                                            boxed in there was a young girl from peru who filled her vagina with glue. she said with a grin, "if they pay to get in, they'll pay to get out of it, too."
                                                                           when the ice cream man drives down my street i walk alongside him screaming take me with you i will bear you many strong sons
                                           how many freuds does it take to screw in a lightbulb? two. one to change the lightbulb and another to hold the penis. ... ... ... er... i mean... the ladder.
                                                                                                                                          knock knock! who's there? hamlet. hamlet, who? i can't decide.
                                                            if your religion infringes on people's rights; sorry, you've had hundreds of years to change everyone's mind- obviously that hasn't happened
                                                                                                                            what did obama say to michelle when he proposed? i don't wanna be obama self
                                                            have you heard about the new italian sports cars? dago up a hill, dago down a hill, and when they get a flat tire, dago wop-wop-wop-wop-wop.
                                                                                                                       the toilet at my local police station has been stolen. cops have nothing to go on
                                 a son whale asks a father whale "where did i come from?" the father whale replies "from my penis" the son whale says "oh....thanks" father whale says "you're whalecum"
 a mugged turtle.. a turtle is crossing the road when he's mugged by two snails. when the police show up, they ask him what happened. the shaken turtle replies, "i don't know. it all happened so fa...
                                                                                                                                                        what is the opposite of an ipad mini? a maxi pad
                                                                                                                                                        how do you please an amish woman? 3 mennonite...
                                                                                                            did you ever blow bubbles as as child? yeh well he's back in town and wants your new number.
                                                                                                                              your honor? my client would like to address the court and ruin everything.
                                                                                                   jimmy the nascar driver liked to masturbate during the race. he always came first, but finished last.
                                                                         your search - bruno mars not wearing a stupid hat - did not match any documents. did you mean: bruno mars wearing a stupid hat.
                                                                                                                                                  i have a multiple personality disorder... and so do i.
                                                                                      wait, women get the whole day? is that in every country? it's night where i am is it over can it be about me again
                                         as 1000 year old necromancers, my wife and i have debated a lot. like with the war in the middle east, she thinks it's justified, but then i bring up the dead.
                                                                                                                                          a particle walks into a bar, but nobody is there. so he waves.
                                                                                                                                 what did the spannish amoeba said to the other amoebas? "hola amoebas!"
                                                                                                                                                       every tedtalk seems like a fake laugh convention.
                                                                                                                 did you hear about the explosion in the cheese factory? the only thing left was de-brie
                                                                                                                why can't you play cards on a small boat? because someone is always sitting on the deck.
                                                                                                                                                   how does smaug copy files to a usb stick? dragon drop
                                                                                                                                     why did the australian pirate refuse lunch? because he had somalia.
                                                                                                  today at my school, someone dressed up as the reaper for orange ribbon week he was looking pretty grim
                                                                                                                  i don't think i get enough credit in my family for making my siblings look successful.
                                     if you were transported right now to mars you should be able to jump 62.5% higher... [anti-joke] but you can't because you would be dead. no spacesuit = not alive.
                                                                                                                                       there is no solid evidence of global warming... ...it all melted.
                                                                                                                                        what celebrity never payed with a cheque or credit? johnny cash.
                                                                                                                                    i can turn anything into a boomerang just by throwing it straight up
                                                                                                                          i'd tell a joke about claustrophobic people, but it might be to tight for you.
                                                                                                                    david hasselhoff saves money on tailored shirts by not ordering the first 5 buttons.
                                                                                                                                          what do you call it when a pickle makes a mistake? a dill d'oh
                                                         a texan goes to a car dealership he sees a car he likes and says "gee that's a byoot!" the dealer responds "that's not a buick that's a honda!"
                                                                     about that loan officer that had too many frozen margaritas over the weekend . . . he was a lender with a blender on a bender . . .
              [dark] a bulky muslim man walks into a gay bar... he says "everyone, wanna see these guns??" everyone "yeeeaaahhh!!!" and. thats how orlando happened. and dark humor is never too soon :)
                                                                                                                                   *helping son with math problem* [hour later] just write 75 goddammit!
                                                                                                                     how do you make a plumber sad? you tell him that the princess is in another castle.
                                                                                                                             what do you call someone who can't eat burnt toast? black toast intolerant.
                                                                                                                   my favorite book to read on the toilet is "the shining." it scares the shit outta me.
                                                                                                                                what do you call a python with a great bedside  manner? a snake charmer.
                                                                                                                     optimism the eternal belief that you're always one-third of the way to a threesome.
                                                                                                                                    knock knock "who's there?" "europe" "europe who?" "no, you're a poo"
                                                                                                                                       i thought about going on an all-almond diet but that's just nuts.
                        she was going to tell a joke guy: i was going to tell you a joke about my dick, but it's too long. girl: i was going to tell you a joke about my pussy, but you'll never get it.
                                                                                                                 i saved a bunch of money on car insurance by switching to reverse and fleeing the scene
                                                                                                   if somebody's presence does not add value to your life..then their absence should make no difference!
                                                                                                                                      so i studied abroad in college... she never called me back though.
                                                                             my exes new girlfriend has been calling me looking for him for days. it got old. i gave in and sent her the map and shovel.
                                                                                        what is the difference between a frog and a horny toad? one says ribbit ribbit the other one says rub-it rub-it!
                                                                                              original yo momma? (i think, please verify) yo mommas so fat, shes being traded on the oil futures market!
                                                                                                                                               "hey can i do it?" anaesthetist: sure, knock yourself out
                                                                                                      did you hear about the eagle who could catch a squirrel with only one claw? he was very *talon*ted
                                                                                                                                                                            you know what? chicken butt!
                                                            my favorite bible story is the one where thousands more people show up to jesus' party than rsvp'd but he still had enough cake for everyone
                                                                               what do you do, if you're jerking off when you're meant to do something else but you're putting it off? procrasturbation.
                                          man walks into a bar and asks, "can i have a colt 45?" "sorry sir," comes the reply "we have sold out". "ok, no problem, can i have a luger and lime instead?"
                                                                                                                                                                                    the dumb blonde quiz
                                                                                                                                                          what do hillbillies do on halloween? pump kin.
                                                                                                                  science at its finest. why are all subatomic particles gay? because they are all atoms
                                    "your generation relies too much on technology", my grandpa said. "no, your generation relies too much on technology", i replied, then i unplugged his life support.
                                                                                  why did johnny teach the cockatoo to do a front flip? so he could say he flipped the bird. ^i'm^not^very^good^at^these
                                                                                                                  did you here about the nun who took up knitting? she was making quite the habit of it.
                                                                                                                   i had anal sex and my sperm were so confused they tried to fertilize a piece of corn.
                                                            can i seriously not read dr. seuss books for free online? very well. to my local library it is. #freevideosofchickseatingpoobutnotfreebooks?
                                                                            why was the school principal not pleased when he bumped into an old friend ? they were both driving their cars at the time !
                                                                                                                                             what is the hardest part about being a pedophile fitting in
                                                                                                                     funny sex joke by s.k are you from iraq? cause i like the way you baghdad ass up ;p
                                                                 all men like to think they are marrying nymphomaniacs.the problem is that, after a few years, the nympho leaves but the maniac doesn't.
                                                                                                                              how many armed men does it take to extort an olympic athlete? a brazilian.
                                                                                                                                 how do you call a bucket list created by a 16 year old? a fuck it list.
                                                                                    "have you accepted jesus christ as your lord & savior?" "no." "why not, sir?" "because, it would make my rabbi sad."
                                                                                                                                         i volunteer a lot at a children's hospice... it never gets old.
                                                                                                                                     what did the mexican say when i pushed him on the lawn? grassy ass!
                                                                                                                                                                       where do fish come from? finland!
                                                                                                                                                                    which dog can tell time? a watchdog.
                                                                                                                                                          there are two girls sitting at a bar, quietly.
                                                                                                                       i saved a ton of money by eating all my groceries before getting to the register.
                                                                                                  pro tip: if you forget their name after a one night stand, just take them to starbucks in the morning.
                                                       a policeman just knocked on the door. he said, "it looks like your wife has been in an accident..." i said "yes but she has a great personality!"
                                                                                         what do anniversaries, toilets and the clitoris have in common? according to women, men usually miss all three.
                                                                                          man, the way these journalists are complaining it's like they only went to sochi to use doorknobs and go poop.
                                                                                                                                             "let there be one more blade!"-gillette marketing concepts.
                                                                                            the pollen is so bad this year in phoenix... that tweekers are turning their crystal meth back into sudafed.
                                                                                                                        what do you get when you cross a penis and a potato? (slightly nsfw) a dicktater
                                                             clearly the people that design refrigerators don't know me if they think 1 tiny cheese drawer & 2 giant vegetable drawers is the way to go.
                                                              [clenching fists] "i'll fight someone" waiter: for the last time sir, 'cheese plate' describes the items on the plate not the plate itself
                                                                                                                                i'd take cap'n crunch more seriously if his eyebrows weren't on his hat.
                                                                                                                                            i've never had a better karate instructor than a spider web.
                                                                                             why does keeping tropical fish in your home have a calming effect on the brain? because of the indoor fins.
                                                                                     a policeman just knocked on my door and said my dogs were chasing people on bikes... my dogs don't even own bikes..
                                                             always toss glitter onto someone when telling them bad news so that the bad news is only the second-worst thing to happen to them that day.
                                                                                    me: jesus christ, this is the slowest train i've ever travelled on bride: someone please get this prick off my dress
                                                                                                                           you can't run through a campground you can only ran, because it's past tents.
                                                             if we paid teachers more, they'd probably stop dating their students. at this point, a 16 year old working at quiznos doubles their income.
                                                                                                                   dear teenagers always complaining about life.. you've only felt the tip of that dick.
                                                                                                                     want to hear a joke about vaginas? actually nevermind, you'll probably never get it
                     a historian and an economist are sitting on the porch of a nudist colony... the historian asks, "have you read marx?" the economist replies, "yes, i think it's the wicker chairs."
                                                                  *boss walks in me: i lost my contact boss: why are you naked & why is greg under your desk? me: boss: me: shut the door when you leave
                                                                                                                                                        bad jokes are hereditary they pun in the family.
                                                                  til: in 1949, the french police spent 3 months investigating divince's mona lisa in connection to a murder. apparently she was framed.
                                                              witch (using her broom for just sweeping): did we give up our dreams? wizard (using his pointy hat as a piping bag for cupcake icing): yes
                                                                                                                                                                                       chivalrous indian
                                                                                             hilary clinton and donald trump are on a ship when a rogue wave causes it to capsize. who survives? america
                                                                                      why didn't the bear from the revenant win the oscar? because it would've torn leo up to receive another oscar loss
                                                                                             what's the difference between my computer and paul walker? i actually give a shit when my computer crashes.
                                                                              i signed up today for a college american fiction literature class, apparently it was a really popular class. it was lit af
                                                                                                                                  why can't guys do the splits? the banana gets in the way. banana split
                                                                                                                                     what did the jewish pedophile say? "hey kid, wanna buy some candy?"
                                                                                                                                                                                     tifu up is my horse
                                                                                                                                                              cilla black has died... surprise surprise.
                                                                                                                                  what happens when you are banned on a muslim server? you are turbanned
                                                                                                                        i think android application developers are magical. they're like open sorcerers.
                                                                 boss: what's for lunch? me: food. b: what kind of food? m: the kind you eat. b: ... m: ... b: ... me: you hired me. this is your fault.
                                                                                                                                                          sure, we can be friends. i get to be chandler.
                                                                                                                                         in his prime, richard simmons was, at best, in just okay shape.
                                                             been talking to this girl for 10 mins and she hasn't slapped me or called me "gross"... hope she's ok with the names i picked for our kids.
                                                                                                                                                i'm going to post a joke i hope it dosen't get [deleted]
                                                                                   please pray for girls everywhere who are getting a "what's up" text right now be strong. don't answer. eat ice cream.
                                                                                                                 my wife was gang raped by a troupe of mimes.... they performed unspeakable acts on her.
                                                                         [magician rolls over in bed] "last night was amazing" woman: magical. make me breakfast? magician: [waves magic wand, eats her]
                                                                               what's the difference between novocaine and an index finger? one's a digit divisible by two, the other is a prime number.
                                                                                                                                            octopus how does an octopus make you laugh? with ten-tickles
                                                                                                                                               why did 8 break up with 7? because 7 always came first!!!
                                                            [on a date] *don't let her know you're a dog* girl: do you want to...maybe go for a walk after this? *starts running in circles going crazy*
                                                                                                                                                 i have developed an intolerance to gluten- -free people
                                                                     if you get a gift from me, there may or may not be a pair of scissors between the wrapping and the gift. i'm gonna need those back.
                                                              daddy! tell me a story.. the tooth fairy is really a wicked witch, who takes all your teeth if you sleep with your mouth open. good night.
                                                                                                                                                           what is apple's ceo's favourite tv show? lost
                                                                                                                  i always party like it's 1999. standing in a corner talking to nerds about the matrix.
                                                                                                           anyone who gives me flowers makes my whole day. anyone who gives me anal makes my whole week.
                                                                                                                                     what's yellow has long ears and grows on  trees? the easter bunana!
                                                                                                                                        what do you call a lawsuit against a zombie? deceased and desist
                                                                                                             what did the pilipino orphan boy say to the linguist who wanted to adopt him? i'll tagalog!
                                                                                                                                  a mexican man has two penises. what did he name them? jose and hose b.
                                                                                                                       i admit i've had sex with over 30 women in my life but it only happened one time.
                                                                                                                      how do you spot an engineer at a party? he'll come up to you and tell you himself.
                                                                                                                         why did the elephant paints it's toes red? so he could hide in the cherry tree.
                                                                                                        you know that chick who said, "nothing tastes as good as skinny feels?"... yeah, well i ate her.
                                                                                                                      why wasn't the bear allowed to drive? because bears don't have fine *motor* skills
                                                                                                                                      i don't know why i have to jog with you, you're the fat one. ~dogs
                                                      if a man thinks blondes have the best butts... ...and the verifies this by only watching blondes walk around, is he guilty of confirmation by-ass?
                                                    what did the conductor do when half of the cello section called in sick a week before a major concert? he was forced to resort to excessive violins.
                                                                                                                                          do you know why caesar put lettuce in his salad? oh, just cos.
                                                                                           why does my pirates of the caribbean dvd have a piracy warning? i think that pretty much goes without saying.
                                                                                                                              why do girls like guys who wear shirts with eight buttons? they fascinate.
                                                                                                      tommy lee jones always looks like his son just told him he wants to ride unicycles professionally.
                                                                                                                                                               ever have sex while camping? it's intents
                                                                                                                                                      if life gives you melons... you might be dyslexic.
                                                                   goodnight honey. "daddy, where do babies come from?" the stork flies them in. "why's it take 9 months?" wind resistance. go to sleep.
                                                                                                       i'm taking my kid to an aquarium today. (i'm putting my kid in the closet with sponge bob videos)
                                                                                                                              what's going on under there? nobody has to know but you. - poncho salesman
                                                            "sir u have a hernia" "haha c'mon doc don't u mean a hisnea?" "no i meant hern-" "im obviously a guy. how did u even get a medical license?"
                                                                                                         i bought a vacuum cleaner six months ago... ...so far, all it's been doing is gathering dust...
                                                                                    [me holding a door] pretty girl: [over her shoulder] thanks. me: sorry, i'm married, but in time you'll get over me.
                                                                                                                                            so hitler writes a porno... it's title: *mein kampfidential*
                                                                                                     what word that begins with "n" and ends with "r" do you never want to call a black person? neighbor
                                                              wife: "did you know that some idiot paid $96,000 for princess leia's gold bikini?" me: [nervously tightening my robe] "who would do that?"
                                                                                                                                           if two feminists get drunk and hook up, were they both raped?
                                                                                                                                                                it's not rape if she's holding bud light
                                                                                                                                        if trump deports all the mexicans who's going to build the wall?
                                                                                                                                    chemists confirm the existence of new type of bond bond, james bond.
                                                                                                                if your parachute doesn't deploy don't worry.. you have the rest of your life to fix it.
                                                               friend: i need your advice. me: wear less eyeshadow. friend: i meant about my love life. me: friend: me: friend: me: wear less eyeshadow.
                                                                                                              am i in a safe neighborhood? i only see 2 stores that exclusively sell lacrosse equipment.
                                                                                                                                 why did the scout leader get arrested? they caught him eating a brownie
                                                                                                                                            what do you call a blind dinosaur? a do-you-think-he-saurus?
                                                                                                                                                 did you hear about apple's new product? it was a big 6s
                                                                                                                i once dated a guy who left a trail of rose petals leading to a sinkful of dirty dishes.
                                                              someone stole your tiny stradivarius? aw, poor baby, i'm playing the world's smallest violin for you. it's, uh, a different one. gotta go.
                                                                                                when i treat people the way i want to be treated, they get weirded out when i start brushing their hair.
                                                                                                                                                                         an octopus is just a wet spider
                                                                                                                                  your mother.. your mother is so classless she could be marxist utopia.
                                                                                                                         facebook should have a relationship status called: fu*k i don't know....ask her
                          qa engineer walks into a bar ...(x-post from r/programmerhumor) orders a beer. orders 0 beers. orders 999999999 beers. orders a lizard. orders -1 beers. orders a sfdeljknesv.
                                                                                                                                                 what do you call a bear with no teeth?? a gummy bear!!!
                                                                            what's the difference between america and a yogurt? if you leave a yogurt alone for 200 years, it will develop a culture ;-)
                                                             the entire history of the universe could be seen as a slow growth, expansion and coalescence of consciousness, were it not for sarah palin.
                                                                                       a poll says that 60% of women take medicine for mental instability. that means that 40% aren't taking their meds!
                                                                                 what's the difference between a slut and a bitch? a slut sleeps with everyone a bitch sleeps with everyone, except you.
                                                                                                                                                                   i can spell relief with one letter p!
                                                                                                                     i hate it when people call me judgemental especially people wearing shoes like that
                                                                                                   twitter clique: (n) a small exclusive group of friends who promise to tell each other they are funny.
                                                                                                                           why do cowgirls have bow-legs? because cowboys always eat with their hats on.
                                                                                                                               i treat my wife like a fine wine. i keep that bitch locked in the cellar.
                                                                                                                                        what sound does a 747 make when it bounces? boeing boeing boeing
                                                                                                                            looks like it's time to start pretending andy murray isn't scottish again...
                                                                                                                                            an 'overdose' is what happens when you suck at taking drugs.
                                                                                                                                                                    a blind dude walks into a bar. ouch.
                                                                          let's cure feminism with the 7up plan. wake up chin up grow up cheer up lighten up loosen up but most of all shut the fuck up!
                                                                                                                      what did the bra say to the hat? you go on ahead, i'm gonna give these two a lift.
                                                                                                                      just want to be bitten by a spider without the obligation of becoming a superhero.
                                                                                                                                          what do you call it when you're run over by a german? hunover.
                                                                                                                                                                           single beds should date more.
                                                                                 what's the difference between a baby and a washing machine? the washing machine doesn't cry when you drop a load in it.
                                                                                                       a liar, a cheat, and a sore loser walk into a bar. the bartender says: what'll it be mrs.clinton?
                                                                                                       no i don't have anything smaller than a twenty. you should. you're the one who's running a store.
                                                                                                                                                            *shakes the atm like it's a vending machine*
                                                                                                                                            i heard a joke about a german sausage today it was the wurst
                                                                                                                      whats green and goes round and round at 100  miles an hour ? a frog in a blender !
                                                                                                                         what would the world be like without women? it would be a real pain in the ass!
                                                                                                                                                   what does a hairstylist call their resume? a tresume.
                                                                                                                             whats the worst thing about manufacturing tabletops? it's counterproductive
                                                                                                                                  i deal with my problems like how coors makes money. with a lot of beer
                       sometimes i wonder if the entire world is full of defensive, conceited douchebags who can't laugh at themselves... then i read some reddit comments and i'm almost certain of it.
                                                                          i was pooping in a bathroom with no windows when the there was a power outage. when i had to wipe my butt i couldn't see shit.
                                                                                 clinton goes around telling people we humans  are genetically 99.9% similar. apparently the 0.1% is the character gene.
                                                                                                                    *holding a rattlesnake in each hand* these are the angriest maracas i've ever played
                                                                                 what did the mother say to her son when she saw him eating cookies for breakfast? your dad and i are getting a divorce.
                                                                                                                                                                    what kind of tree barks? a dogwood!!
                                                               teacher: "your composition on the assignment "my dog" is exactly like your brothers... ...did you copy it?" boy: "no, it's the same dog!"
                                                                                                                              what did the mama bullet say to the papa bullet? we're going to have a bb!
                                                                                                                       can a woman make a man a millionaire? yeah, if he's a billionaire to begin with..
                                                                                                                          why did the zoo close the big cat exhibit? because they just kept lion around!
                                                                me: gimme a double barman: [places an exact replica of me on the bar] me: no i meant a double scotch barman: [puts a kilt on my replica]
                                                                                               what is the definition of a farmer? someone who is outstanding in his field. *hehehe* credit: laffy taffy
                                                                                                             what's the difference between piratebay and 9/11? one is piracy and the other is conspiracy
                                                                                                                                      why did microsoft go directly to windows 10? because windows 7 8 9
                                                                                                                                   somebody stole my mood ring... ...i don't know how i feel about that.
                                                                                                                   my kids had a shirt made for me that says 'father of the year 2014 quarter finalist'.
                                                            the middle east where you have to chose between a genocidal dictator or an extremist mob. (well, except turkey; they got it mostly together)
                                                                                                                                               what did the pirate say on his 80th birthday? aye, matey!
                                                                                                   why was georg ohm such a badass rockstar? because he knew a squared amp and resistance gave you power
                                                                                        why did the wine critic get kicked off the nudist beach? because he was walking around with a semillon (semi-on)
                                                             my favorite part of the bible is where jesus gives money to the rich, tells the poor to suck it up and asks for caesar's birth certificate.
                                                               cops are raiding justin bieber's house looking for eggs. seriously. eggs. i can't make this shit up. this is why other countries hate us.
                                                                                                  i feel like a million bucks today.. seriously, how do i get rid of this erection? i'm getting worried.
                                                instant karma, get in on the front page gold rush; "are jokes" reddit is a faggot... ...2bcunt in you'ld (you would love it) (to (too) be continued))...
                                                                                                                                            my girlfriend and i are quite similar they're both imaginary
                                                                                                                              i saw a very odd middle eastern market the other day. it was quite bazaar.
                                                                                                                                           what did grandma say to the frog? something racist, probably.
                                                                            how many bitter hillary clinton supporters does it take to change a light bulb? none, we've decided to let a man do the job.
                                                                                                  sorry i'm late, i was waiving my hands at a paper towel dispenser that turned out to not be automatic.
                                                                                                                                                   what's wrinkly and hangs out your pants? your mother.
                                                                                                             i can't wait to listen to the new kelly rowland album... i believe it's called "milk, milk"
                                                                                                                            why did the pig give his girlfriend a box of candy? it was valenswine's day.
                                                                                                                                                              wish the trash would take me out for once.
                                                                                                   people have started rating hiv clinics on trip advisor the one time you don't want a positive review.
                                                                                     what is the difference between a boat and a woman? the boat cuts through the water, a woman waters through the cut.
                                                                                                         i tried to teach my grandma how to eat noodles with chopsticks she accidentally made a sweater.
                                                                 you'd think these people on grey's anatomy would've already figured out that a major disaster is going to happen every year around may.
                                                                                     hold me closer, tiny dancer. oh my... not that close. i can't breathe. how are you so strong? let me go tiny dancer
                                                   a jewish boy asked his father... for fifty dollars for a pair of sneakers. his father replied "forty dollars?! what do you need thirty dollars for?!"
                                                                                        what does suicide and marriage have in common? (this one needs work...) permanent solution to temporary problem.
                                                                 i'm sick of people blaming the internet when someone gets killed. watch the history channel. hitler didn't find the jews on craigslist.
                                                                  [at urinal maker store] urinal maker: let's make some of them curved so the pee splashes on their legs lol. other urinal maker: k. lol
                                                                                                                           your vehicle has this magical lever that shows which direction you're turning
                                                                                                      * wishes on shooting star " the wish you have wished for has already been taken, please try again"
                                                                                                           whats a joke so bad its funny? i just want some really hillarious jokes, preferably long ones
                                                                                  what do winnie the pooh and ivan the terrible have in common? the same middle name. (shamelessly stolen from cortana.)
                                                                 so my car broke down my mechanic said it was obvious i'd blown a seal. i said keep my private life out of it and just fix the damn car!
                                                                                                                      im really good at coming up with jokes about planes. they always seem to take off.
                                                                                                                                   who has the biggest ass in the kardashian family? kim. she has kanye.
                                                                                                                                                   why did snow white go to bed? she was feeling sleepy.
                                                                                                                 walmart is banning sales of the confederate flag well, there goes 95% of their buisness
                                                                                                                                               my dentist said i grind at night. i was like, ok stalker.
                                                                  (xpost antijokes) check yourself before you wreck yourself... ...with dick cancer. happy movember. http://us.movember.com/mens-health/
                                                                                                                                   "child rearing" sounds like something that'll get you life in prison.
                                                                                                                                                      what's yellow and lives off dead beetles? yoko ono
                                                                                                                                        what did the hispanic firefighter name his kids? jose and hose-b
                                                                                                                                                      [buzzfeed 1776] 21 declarations you won't believe!
                                                                                                                                                         statistically, 9 out of 10 people... ...repost.
                                                     why can't you tell a philosophy student a good joke? you need to give a three hour lecture and turn in a research paper on "what is 'good'?" first.
                                                                   better names for porcupines: needle beaver battlepig hurty squirrel flail monster cactus rat capy-scare-uh death otter revenge possum
                                                                                                                         do zombies eat popcorn with their fingers? no, they eat the fingers separately.
                                                                                                                                           my keys always end up in the pocket opposite of my free hand.
                                                                  how to explain to your parents that you are a prostitute hey mom, remember when i said i was tight for money? now i'm loose for money.
                                                              a cannibal receives a call from his recently found brother. "what a relief! i thought i passed you on the side of the road the other day."
                                                                              just once, i'd like to see an honest facebook status, like "happy birthday to my average-looking, sort of friend, amanda!"
                                                                                                                                                   mayweather gets in a street fight... wins by decision
                                                                                                                          you're girlfriend is the square root of -100. she's a 10, but she's imaginary.
                                                                                                             have you heard the joke about the guy addicted to brake fluid? he says he can stop anytime.
                                                                                     i used to think i was good at multi-tasking. turns out its just my multiple personalities doing one task at a time.
                                                                                                                   the walk of shame: when you toss a paper ball in trash, miss, then have to go get it.
                                                                                                                                april showers bring may flowers, and what do mayflowers bring? smallpox.
                                                                                                                                                                    i'm not fat just short for my weight
                                                                 donald trump's campaign is basically that thing where you say the wrong answer in pictionary then just keep saying it louder and louder
                                                                                                                                                 two deer hunters walk into a bar. the third one, ducks.
                                                                                                                               what did one orphan say to the other orphan? robin, get in the batmobile.
                                                                                                                                             what do you call a black pilot? a pilot, you fuckin racist.
                                                                                         my ex girlfriend broke up with me because i quoted linkin park too much. but in the end it doesn't even matter.
                                                                                       what did the sheep obsessed convict say to jared fogle? i have a footlong waiting for **ewe** back in my cell!!!!
                                                                                                                                          gps: you're not really lost, you just want someone to talk to.
                                                                                                                  they say make up sex is the best... good thing, because all the sex i have is made up.
                                                              what if toyota's problems with sticky accelerators were traced back to a pedalmaker who forgot to wash his hands after eating a honey bun?
                                                                til the hebrews were betrayed and captured by the egyptians after walking through the red sea the event was named "moses' double cross".
                                                                                                     they should make the female swimmers wear a tube top & thong then maybe i'd finish before they did.
                                                                sleeping beauty is my favorite story about how any sweet princess will activate her fire breathing dragon if you wake her up from a nap.
                                                                                                                                                   how do you prove human beings are inherently curious?
                                                                                                       hi, is your resort child friendly? yes it is sir. would you like to make a reservation? *hangs up
                                       breaking news: a man breaks two ribs while laying in bed! ...and we'll return after this short commercial with more on how a man attempted to suck his own penis!
                                                                                                                                  how did jennifer aniston find her fiancee? she looked very theroux-ly.
                                                                                                                                              anyone who says "good morning" on a monday is a sociopath.
                                                                                                                how come donald trump is on the frontpage of reddit so much? its all reposts from hitler
                                                                                                                                           huge bowls of cereal are the parentheses to my night's sleep.
                                                                         how many emo kids does it take to change a lightbulb? five. four to sit in the dark and cry about it and one to write the song.
                                                                                                         unemployed joke #2843 i know a couple jokes about unemployed people. too bad none of them work.
                                                                                                                                   why are glasses required to do math? because you need it for davision
                                                                                                                              it must be 1929... because my econ homework has me in a severe depression.
                                                                                                                                                                  did your world end today? mayan didn't
                                                                                              verne troyer was pick-pocketed on a recent trip to new york. i can't believe someone would stoop that low.
                                                                                                     my step-dad's pretty cool. not as cool as my fence-dad, though. roof-dad is okay. what is a father?
                                                                can't you just live in the moment, phil? every time we kill a bison or light a fire you have to draw it in a cave with your fancy stick.
                                                                                                                               q: when is a farmer like a magician? a: when he turns his cow to pasture.
                                                                                           i said to my classmate, "you are at the top of the bell curve!" he responded, "i don't know what that means!"
                                                                                                      why did the physics teacher break up with the biology teacher? because there was no chemistry. lol
                                                                                                                         why are germans buried 20 feet underground? because deep down they're real nice
                                                           just found out i have cancer (oh, boohoo) and since they're my favorite, could you tell me your best anti-jokes reddit? joke away, redditors!
                      did you know avatar is a sequel to titanic? it picks up where titanic left off, in the sense that half the cast is blue and dying. obligatory edit: frontpage on /r/jokes! wohooo!
                                                                                                                i visited the ghetto once... didn't see much, i was in the luggage of a car blindfolded.
                                                                                                                                             copper wire was invented by two jews fighting over a penny.
                                                                                                                                                                where does lonely soup go? to a brothel.
                                                                                                                               i lost both of my arms today... its ok though. i've learned to embrace it
                                                                                                                               a blind man ... walks into a fish market, pauses and says "hello ladies!"
                                                                                                                                         who wants to hear an awesome knock knock joke? okay, you start.
                                                                                                      my favorite sex position is the jfk i splatter all over her while she tries to get out of the car.
                                                             test results are in, you might want to have a seat "i'd rather stand" are you sure? you have "falls down when gets bad news" disease *thud*
                                                                                                          what did the big chimmney say to the little chimmney? stop smoking. you are too young to smoke
                                                                   protestants sing every verse to every hymn. catholics know this. we think about it when we get to the bakery 20 minutes ahead of you.
                                                                                                                       when i was a kid i thought i had a chinese friend but it was just my imaginasian.
                                                                                   so i told a premature baby joke at an open mic night but i don't think the crowd liked it. apparently it was too soon
                                                                                                          four polish men die in a car accident two in the actual crash and two more in the reenactment.
                                                                        the worst thing about being a dyslexic, agnostic, insomniac ...is that you stay up all night contemplating the existence of dog.
                                                                                                                        why do orphans go to church? it's the only place they can call someone "father".
                                                                                                                                         the characters from dragon ball z aren't that super just saiyan
                                                                                                                            hitler wasn't that bad of a guy he was only doing what he thought was reich.
                                                                                                                   the queen bee has up to 40 sexual partners a day. jay z found his 100th problem then.
                                                                                                        if at first you don't succeed, then maybe you should do it the way i told you to the first time.
                                                                                          scientists are close to re-enacting the big bang theory. hope its got another hot blonde with nice tits in it.
                                                                                                                                          why can't you trick an aborted fetus? it wasn't born yesterday
                                                                                     let's hope the zombie apocalypse doesn't start in kenya because there is no way any of us can outrun those fuckers.
                                                                                                                         why don't blind people skydive??? because it scares the shit out of their dogs.
                                                                                         my uncle was an exercise fanatic. when he died, we had a closed casket funeral, because he liked to do sit ups.
                                                                               who else takes their phone out when you're in public by yourself, just so you don't look like some idiot with no friends.
                                                                                               "shaved carrots instead of cheese" lol okay vogue thanks for the diet advice those totally taste the same
                                                                                                                                                  what european capital has the most ghosts?  boodapest!
                                                                                                                                       what's it called when jesus walks across the street? a cross walk
                                                                   canada's got it right, when they don't want a citizen, they just convince them they have talent so they move to the us. #justinbeiber
                                                                        the devil has a tape recorder containing the sounds you made when you sang aloud with a group but didn't actually know the words
                                                                                 sorting out problems remember, whenever you have a problem with someone, use hydrochloric acid. it's always a solution.
                                                          i was at the doctor... i was at the doctor getting my rectum checked and i asked him "where do i put my pants?" he said, "over there by mine."
                                                                                                                                      what do you call an expert that studies sign language? a signtist!
                                                                                                                                          "sushi" is japanese for "take a picture of this, white girls."
                                                                                                                    what is hitler's least favorite month? jew-ly edit: how about jan-jew-ary, or jewne?
                                                                                          i went to a halloween party where everyone was dressed like a sore thumb not me, no, i stuck out like a vicar.
                                            when my wife asks me why i'm always late home from work i tell her i was getting some in-n-out. she hasn't figured out why i'm still hungry when i get home.
                                                                                                                   why is it so hard to build a blonde snowman? because you have to hollow out the head.
                                                                                              i'm not saying delivering a baby is easy, but i'm pretty sure all i need is a box, some tape, and a stamp.
                                                              [on stage at comedy club] "doritos: 11 chips per serving" *audience erupts in laughter* "oreos: 3 cookies per serving" *audience loses it*
                                                                                       if the fbi want to get into an iphone w/o users permission, they should ask someone who's done it before, like u2
                                                               some of you i'd like to take under my wing like a mother hen. others of you i'd like to trap between my thighs like the cougar that i am.
                                                                                                                                         what do you call a black man in space? an astronaut you racist.
                                                                                                                           what do planets like read? comet books! edit: what do planets like to read?**
                                                                                               the hardest part of being a congressman must be pretending to actually like the people where you're from.
             so my dentist says to me... so my dentist says to me, "you're the cleanest patient i've had all week!" then i respond, "wow i deserve a plaque!" this literally just happened. she lost it.
                                                                                          "flight 1234 are you ready to copy holding instructions?" "center make that request on the next frequency...."
                                                                                                           what's the difference between marmalade and jam? you can't marmalade your cock up a girls ass
                                                                                                                 the thing i like best about smartphones is how they're a prison you keep in your pocket
                                                                                                                 i like to write all my death threat letters in comic sans. i find it lightens the mood.
                                                                                                                        the volume of sewage burdening my local treatment works is rising excrementally.
                                                                                                                                              i read everything in comic sans sans. this way it's funny.
                                                                                                  what's the difference between a burlap sack and my nutsack? the babies in my nutsack are still living.
                                                                                   new italian navy why does the new italian navy use glass bottoms in their ships? so the can see the old italian navy.
                                                                      *bruno mars on the radio* wife: would you catch a grenade for me? brain: just say, yes! me: has the pin been pulled? brain: idiot!
                                                                                                                                                       where do twin lesbians meet up? a clone dyke bar.
                                                                                                                  why does the murder no longer use axe? because he realized it can't wash away his sins
                                             my girlfriend broke up with me she thinks that i'm childish. so, i calmed down. took a deep breath. went to her house. rang the doorbell and then ran away.
                                                                                                              my wife told me that she isn't very happy with our sex life. a small part of me disagrees.
                                                                             q: what's the best way to kill a man? a: put a naked woman and a six-pack in front of him. then tell him to  pick only one.
                                                                                                    dear /r/jokes, i've said this before and i'll say it again... gay jokes are not funny! come on guys.
                                                                       me: i'd kill for a body like that them: well by monitoring your calorie intake and daily exercise you c- me: yeah i'd rather kill
                                                                                                    little sister to brother in bed: "hey, you are better at this than daddy." "yes, mummy says so too!"
                                                            1 ring to rule them all, 1 ring to find them, 1 ring to bring them all & in the darkness bind them. 3 rings to let mum know you're home safe
                                                                         why does star wars have 100s of people using lasers to fight and literally nobody using them to etch cute wooden drink coasters
                                                                                                                   how do you make a dead baby float? one glass of rootbeer and two scoops of dead baby.
                                                                                            there is one thing that can turn a guy into a perfect chick-magnet. it's when he finds himself a girlfriend.
                                                                                                                 teens today have it so easy. we didn't have self-checkout lanes when we bought condoms.
                                                                            i grew up in a very sheltered household. our house had 17 roofs. we had alcoves upon alcoves. i wore a tarp wherever i went.
                                                                                                                                                       what do you call a lesbian with fat fingers? hung
                                                                                                                       what's gray and furry on the inside and white on the outside ? a mouse sandwich !
                                                                                                                                                          how does the moon get its haircut? eclipse it!
                                                                                                                          i just got a great deal on some real estate in california. it was a fire sale!
                                                                                                                                                 what do you call charlie sheen in a wheelchair? rolaids
                                                                                            every once in a while someone really special walks into your life. that person is usually delivering a pizza
                                                                                                                          only pools and corpses a new sitcom starring michael barrymore and demi moore.
                                                                                                                                                         you know what really grinds my gears? oxidation
                                                                                                                                my wife asked me to stop singing wonderwall all the time... i said maybe
                                                                                                                           what's the difference between an apple and a hormone? you can't hear an apple
                                                                                                               how do you make a hamburger green? find a yellow cheeseburger and mix it with a blue one!
                                                                   a real boyfriend will blow up his girl's phone when she's mad at him. she may not want to answer, but at least she'll see his effort.
                                                                                                                             me: so i... was never invisible? jail doctor: no. that's why you're in jail
                                                                                            i requested the number 867-5309 from my cellular provider because i like being annoyed to the point of rage.
                                                                4 y/o: what's your job? me: i stay at home, take care of you, clean, cook the food... 4: that sounds boring. do you want me to fire you?
                                                                                                     apparently the maximum number of times you can keep getting back in line for communion wafers is 4.
                                                                                                              i like my women like i like my coffee. hot, kinda gross, and picked up at the gas station.
                                                                                       -i heard this dog was chipped. -microchipped sir. -i don't care how small the chip is, i'm not paying full price.
                                                                                                                                              did you know diarrhea is hereditary? it runs in your jeans
                                                                                          did you hear that jim carrey lost his left arm in a horrific accident? i guess that makes him all-righty then.
                                                                                                                                                              who is the bees favourite singer ? sting !
                                                                                                                                                          "i'd like to raise a toast." *levitates bread*
                                                                                                                                    i know a great us postal service joke... ...but you'll never get it.
                                                                                                                                               why do they call it a third eye? if its on your fourhead?
                                                                                                                     my girlfriend makes me want to be a better person so i can get a better girlfriend.
                                                                                                                                                     want to read my favorite dirty jewish word? splurge
                                                                                                          people don't hate you because you're beautiful. people hate you because you're a nasty b itch.
                                                                                             [overhears girl at work crying because her grandad & her dad died this month] me: not all men are like that
  did you know helen keller had a dog? neither did she. do you know what her dogs name was? (insert wookie noise) do you know why her dog ran away? you would to if your name was (insert wookie noise).
                                                                                                  just backed into a jaguar but i left him a note on my bank statement so he knows not to bother calling
                                                                                                                  why do people say amen instead of awomen at church? because they sing hymns, not hers.
                                                                                absence makes the heart grow fonder... absence makes the heart grow fonder, and abstinence makes the hand grow stronger.
                                                                                              the pill... (semi-nsfw) it's the second best thing a woman can put in her mouth to avoid getting pregnant.
                                                                                                                                               in a meeting. can i go first? thanks. gets up and leaves.
                                                                 if someone doesn't respond to your text within 5 minutes, they obviously don't love you anymore. probably never did, react accordingly.
                                                                                                                      you can't sugar coat the truth with fat people... or they'd probably eat that too.
                                                                                                                                                                   wanna see an ass-trick? here --&gt; *
                                                                                                         at the funeral home how do you want your mother-in-law buried or cremated? hmm no risk do both.
                                                                                                 when i turn on the lights all of the dads scatter off of my deck, the fat dads can't get over the fence
                                                                                                                                                                    a scottish man walks out of a bar...
                                                                                                                                          what you call a responsible porn star? fistfully conservative!
                                                                                                 what do a tupperware designer and a horny walrus have in common? they're both looking for a tight seal.
                                                            when life hands you 2 lemons 1 cup sugar 2 tbsp flour 3 tbsp cornstarch 1 cup water 2 tbsp butter 4 eggs 1 pie crust you make lemon meringue
                                                                            how many guitar players does it take to change a light bulb? ten: one to screw it in and nine to say, "pssh, i can do that."
                                                                                      i bought my wife some gloves and a sex toy for her birthday if she doesn't like the gloves she can go f*ck herself
                                                                                                                            turning 30 is like fucking your sister your dad wishes he could do it again.
                                                                                  i'm an anti vaccine activist, and didn't vaccinate my children. they're all dead, but at least they don't have autism!
                                                                                                                      i need to stop asking strangers if they're ticklish, and just start tickling them.
                                                                                                 so i was listening to classical music really loudly the other day when suddenly... my speakers baroque.
                                                                                                                                               what did the thesaurus eat for breakfast? a synonym roll.
                                                                                  "my computer asked me for an 8 character password." for some reason it didn't accept snow white and the seven dwarves.
                                                                                                                                         i smoked meat yesterday... i think that's how i got salmonella.
                                                                                                                                                      what is green and flying over poland? peter panski
                                                                                                                                               where did the universe attend college? at the university.
                                                                                                                                             what is both a fruit and a vegetable? elton john in a coma.
                                                                                   what does a gay horse eat? haaaaaaaaayyyyy! sounds better with a stereotypical soa biker voice. i'll show myself out.
                                                                                                                                              what is heinz guderian's favorite song? the blitzkrieg bop
                                                                                                                     there's a good chance this chocolate cake will need rape counseling after i'm done.
                                                                                                        i taught my 1yo how to turn on my mother-in-law's dishwasher since she only uses it for storage.
                                                                                                                    if your joints pop, snap, and crack when you move your not old... your just crispy. 
                                                                                                                      what did the bald man say when he got a comb as a gift? i'll never part with this!
                                                                                                           why is a redneck wedding and a tornado alike? because either way someone is losing a trailer.
                                                                   the chinese food place by my work is dangerously close to being added to my 'never again' list after finding a human tooth in my food
                                                               my gf is getting glasses hey guys - my gf is getting glasses on monday and i need a couple of jokes to fire at her - please do your best 
                                                                                                                                                how many mexicans do you need to screw a lightbulb? juan
                                                               i may be dating myself here, but the restaurant doesn't mind my intricate placement of mirrors that fool me into believing i'm not alone.
                                                                                             whats the worst part of eating 11 raw oysters out of your grandmothers vagina? realizing you only put 10 in
                                                                                 "dear hotels, stop hiding your electrical outlets. i don't want to move a bed or table to charge something." - everyone
                                                                                                                             why is russia a very fast country ? because the people are always russian !
                                                                                        a large robot animal attacked the home depot on friday. shoppers were frightened at the sight of the stihl behr.
                                                                     mother: "sweetie, make a christmas wish." girl: "i wish that santa will send some clothes to those naked girls in papa's computer."
                                                                                                                what do you get if you try to cross a mouse with  a skunk ? dirty looks from the mouse !
                                                                                                           as an english person there's one thing i love between me and the french. the english channel.
                                                                                                                                                 what's invisible and smells like bananas? monkey farts.
                                                                                                                                      do you come from heaven? did it hurt when you landed on your face?
                                                                                                                       what's black and white and red all over? michael jackson falling down the stairs.
                                                                                                                                  dear diary, men think about sex every 7 seconds. i do that with pizza.
                                                                 no thanks, babies. if i'm going to let something inside of my body that's going to destroy my figure, it'll be cheese, bread and booze.
                                                                                                              my boss is irish and i need good comebacks! help me out with the best irish jokes you got!
                                                                                                                                                             life is like choclate bitter if you're dark
                                                     the usa is having so many disasters and tragedies, you'd almost think it was built on thousands of ancient indian burial grounds i have no shame...
                                                                                 i heard my ex girlfriend needs a new kidney i'm not worried, her body hasn't rejected an organ in 25 years. -tom cotter
                                                                                                                    what do you say to a man with a broken lizard? sorry about your reptile dysfunction.
                                                                                                              what is the difference between a baby and a onion? no one cries when you chop up the baby.
                                                                                                                         can humans justify anything? obviously not, just look at adam sandler's career.
                                                                                       so this kid in my anatomy class asked where the gluteus maximus was... in my opinion it was a dumb, ass question.
                                                                                                                                                              i tried to catch some fog earlier. i mist.
                                                                                                                                                                gandalf gave me a test... i didn't pass.
                                                                                    did you hear about the guy... [nsfw?] did you hear about the guy with three penises? his pants fit him like a glove.
                                                                                                                                              what do you do when you want to hold a bunny? you grabbit.
                                                                                                                                                        my wife is like a drug to me she ruined my life.
                                                                  [special ops briefing] leader: we're going in deep & hard in the middle of the night me: i bet you say that to all the boys l: get out
                                                                                                                                  how many eskimos does it take to screw in a lightbulb? two. obviously.
                                                                                                                                           why did walt and skyler get divorced? there was no chemistry.
                                   a medieval escort i've been down on my luck, but today i was finally offered a job as a medieval escort. unfortunately, it means i will have to work fucking knights.
                                                                                                                                     my mailman got a sex change. i guess you'd call him a post man now.
                                                                                                 what's the difference between a chickpea and a lentil? i wouldn't pay $100 to have a lentil on my face.
                                                                                                   the doctors found a malignant tumor at my checkup the other day... it's really starting to grow on me
                                                                                                                                    why can't you fool an aborted baby? because he won't born yesterday.
                                            my friend asked me what my favorite calculator was... my friend asked me what my favorite calculator was. i told him they all had their plusses and minuses.
                                                                                                                            what's better than winning gold at the special olympics? not being retarded.
                                                                                                                                               we are all asian we are all older than we were yesterday.
                                                             just got every hair on my body waxed off except eyebrows and head. i look like a naked mole rat. men, come & get me if you're into rodents.
                                                                                                                             is it too early to make jokes about 9/11? yes, you should wait 5 more days!
                                                                                                                                            question: what do elephants use for tampoons? answer: sheep.
                                                                                                                                                          baby i put the std in stud now all i need is u
                                                                                                                   what did the dentist in the porno say? "your teeth are the whitest i've come across."
                                                                                                                                   honestly, my biggest fear about becoming a zombie is all the walking.
                                                                                                                   what idiot called it the road to bethlehem instead of the highway to the manger zone?
                                                             it is true. time flies when you are having fun. however it is also true that time eventually rests on a tree branch and shits on your head.
                                                                   listen up, guys neil diamond is the name of a famous american singer-songwriter but it's also a checklist for anyone about to propose
                                                                     *food arrives* *waits 3 days* *slowly takes bite of food* *waitress appears from under the table in camouflage* how is everything??
                                                                                                                                                       what do you call a singer who sells meat? a deli.
                                                                                                                                 what did the caveman give his wife on valentine's day? ughs and kisses!
                                                                              remember--the only thing standing between you and your dreams is your appearance, lack of talent, and general personality.
                                                                                 weird; people in my office have started naming the food in the company fridge. today i ate a tuna sandwich named kevin.
                                                                                                                                            what did the cliff say to the landslide? chalk to you later.
                                                                                                   the cranberries used to write songs that would get stuck in your head, in your heeeaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaad!
                                                            [wakes up in hospital after car crash] i'm afraid we had to amputate both of your feet. "omg why?" you were too tall to fit in the ambulance
                                                                                                                 live today like it's your last. pay your bills and wear a condom just in case it isn't.
                                                                                                      my wife said she was leaving me because i'm too kinky i almost choked on her piss when i heard it.
                                                                                                [spelling bee] your word is 'arrogance' "can you use it in a sentence?" of course i can, don't be stupid
                                                                                            what's the difference between a chickpea and a lentil? no one's going to pay to have a lentil on their face!
                                                                                                                                           what do you call a fish poop born out of wedlock? a bass-turd
                                                                                                                            when should you feel sorry for a skunk? when its spray pump is out of order!
                                                                                                                    how do you stop the protests in charlotte? sing the nation anthem they will sit down
                    how many cans of soda can a soda can can if a soda can can can cans? no one can ever know p.s. are these type of tongue twister jokes allowed here? if not i will happily remove it.
                                                                                                    why is reddit called "reddit"? the first name they came up with reminded them too much of olive oil.
                                                                                                                                                    what do you call a prostitute's vagina? a whorifice.
                                                                                                                                      what does the alcoholic drink when he complains wine (kinda sorry)
                                                                                                                                  why didn't the monk's clothes fit properly? because he was cohabiting.
                                           i went to the doctor the other day wearing nothing but clingfilm ....... i sat down, the doctor turned and looked at me to say "clearly i can see your nuts!"
                                                                                     [i remove my bike helmet, but my toupee comes off with it] "i'm sorry guys, is there something funny about safety?"
                                                                                                       first time i saw the trojan bare skin condoms i was like, what? bear skin? that seems unpleasant.
                                                                                                             has anybody ever seen the grapefruit technique video? i heard it was directed by phil atio.
                                                                                             from my dad: what do you get when a topless blonde rubs sun tanning oil on a topless brunette? your camera.
                                                                                                                                           what did the horse say when it walked into the bar? "ouch..."
                                                                                                                                   i think i am going to buy a whiteboard.... they're simply remarkable.
                                                                                                                                                why don't germans like humour? because it's inefficient!
                                                                                                                   my driver's license says i'm an organ donor but jokes on them because i have a piano.
                                                                                                       i just bought condoms. the cashier asked if i needed a bag. i just said "no, she isn't that ugly"
                                                                                   i think my anorexic girlfriend is cheating on me... every day i'm seeing less and less of her. ` ` ^^~not ^^my ^^joke
                                                                                                                                                what do you call a girl without boobs? **justin bieber**
                                                                                                                                  once you go black, you never go back... unless you're the white house.
                                                                                                              vampires aren't on fb because they can't take pictures of themselves in front of a mirror.
                                                                                robert pattinson said kristen stewart humiliated him. then he added it was even more humiliating than being in twilight.
                                                                                                            a farmer has 178 cows roaming freely in his field. after he rounds them up, he has 200 cows.
                                                                                           "count down to zero silently with your fingers and then do a fist pump." - swat manual on breaking down doors
                                                                                             my phone number is one digit off from a local restaurant's. when i'm in a bad mood, i'll take reservations.
                                                                                                                                    why did the drunk guy call the sheep legolas? because it was a cloud
                                                women are like stars... at first they are small and hot, then they get bigger and bigger, then finally they suck the life out of everything around them.
                                                                                                                                                             my diet this week consisted of 6 cheat days
                                                                                                                                         math teacher: what is the value of x? student: she was my life.
                                                                                                                                                             i do my women like i do my homework i don't
                                                                                                                               i've decided to avoid turkey this thanksgiving... way too close to syria.
                a man comes home early from work and finds his wife and his best friend in bed. the man throws up his hands in disbelief and says "my god pete !!! i more-or-less 'have to' but you ???"
                                                                                                                                             if you can't say something nice you might have a lisp......
                                                                                                                                                       when a door closes... and incognito window opens.
                                                                                                                                                               "my microwave is broken" -abraham lincoln
                                                                                                                           always hit women with a left hook... ...because they don't deserve any rights
                                                                                   a prius just tried to race me from a stop sign. i totally had it for the first 10 feet... but i can only walk so fast
                                                                                                                                        how do you know if a hippie was at your house? he's still there.
                                                                                                                                                  who do you call when your x wing is stolen the poelice
                                                               [reading book report] me: beyowulf is the story of a guy that turns into an wolf when he hears beyonce teacher: wrong. me: well, i tried.
                                                                 dog 911: what's ur emer- dog: owner is catchin pokemon dog 911: so dog: he's throwing balls but i can't find them dog 911: omg dog: omg
                                                                          it's weird when i'm sitting on the couch and my cat walks by and looks at me but keeps walking cause he's living his own life.
                                                                                                                                       i always wanted to try juggling... i just never had the balls to.
                                                                                [david attenborough voice] wolves, also known as nature's best animal, have been cool for hundreds of thousands of years
                                                                                                                              in which country are they refusing to use wi-fi and bluetooth? in wireland
                                                                                                 a friend of mine recently asked me what ballerina's wear... but i just couldn't put tu and tu together.
                                                                                                what did the spectator say when the magician transformed dracula into 2? miraculous. edited: tough crowd
                                                            my youngest son can now reach the light switches, so don't come over to my house, unless you're really into raves or want to have a seizure.
                                                                                                                          how do you get a dog to stop humping your leg? pick him up and suck his dick!!
                                                                                                                                 that awkward moment when twins realize that one of them was not planned
                                                                                                                                                      what is green and flies above poland? peter pansky
           a man went in to the bank and asked to see the  man who arranged the loans.  'i'm sorry sir' said a cashier 'the loan arranger is out to lunch.'  'can i speak to tonto then?' asked the man.
                                                                                        *tries to flirt* *twirls hair in fingers* *fingers get caught in giant knot* *learns to live using only one arm*
                                                                                                                                what is that the more you desire, the less you can get? beautiful girls.
                                                                                                               for halloween, i've decided to go as the scariest thing i could think of hillary j. trump
                                                                                                                                      when i die donate my body to science science: no thanks we're good
                                                                                                     me: "knock knock" , jesus: "i'm not in!" ... me: "oh, come on." jesus: "i refuse to open the door."
                                                                                                            did you hear about the new home for paraplegic women i hear the place is crawlin with broads
                                                                                                 wives want to videotape the birth of their child... ...while husbands want to videotape the conception.
                                                                                                                                              what does an aardvark keep in his aquarium? an aard-shark!
                                                                                                                                                                   blind jokes? didn't see that coming..
                                                                                                                                               how does a black man ride a black stallion? with no legs.
                                                                                         i didn't know when your wedding was because you spelled out the date and time like a goddamn medieval sorcerer.
                                                                                                            q: why do blondes drive bmws? a1: because they can spell it. a2: because they can spell bwm.
                                                                                       since getting the new iphone with fingerprint unlock technology i've never worried so much about losing my thumb.
                                                                                                                              i used to think ronda rousey was so hot but tonight i saw a total knockout
                                                                                                                      does anyone know how to get make-up off a dog? asking for a friend, she's a bitch.
                                                         what do a creationist and a dude with a dinosaur bone fetish have in common? they both get a hard on when they find a gap in the fossil record.
                                                                                                                                    life is like a box of chocolates... it goes by faster if you're fat.
                                                                                                                                            the groundhog saw the shadow and said it was an awful movie.
                                                                                                                  thank you to the spanish public for. .. ...rallying round and providing new headlines.
                                                                                                         not trying to be racist or ignorant but... seriously, all crocodiles and alligators look alike.
                                                                                                                    why did skrillex lose his job at long john silvers? he was always dropping the bass.
                                                                                                                       takes a second to understand. the more suicidal people, the less suicidal people.
                                                                                                                     what is the difference between deer nuts and beer nuts? deer nuts are under a buck.
                                                                                                                                   my favorite pastime is roasting marshmallows over the bridges i burn.
                                                                                       coworker to me: " why are you always rushing out of here after work? you're single with no kids." me: " exactly."
                                                                                                                               a roman walk into a bar, holds up 2 fingers and says, "5 drinks, please!"
                                                                                                                                  what is the only type of folder that can make you sick? salmon manilla
                                                                                                                                                   why do bananas wear suntan lotion? because they peel.
                                                                     by the way it was me who set those sheep free to roam around the courtroom during your divorce hearing. in case ewe were wandering.
                                                                                                                               my mom asks if i could help her bake bread this christmas. she kneads me.
                                                                      i was makin out with a cute girl but it got ruined when she ran her hand up my leg and squeezed all the spaghetti out of my pocket
                                              what's the difference between a vegetable and a berry? i can't vegetable my dick so far in your ass whoever could pull it out would be crowned king arthur
                               i was having a look... in my mothers bedroom the other day and i found a whip, a mask and handcuffs in her wardrobe. i couldn't believe it... my mothers a superhero!!!!!
                                                                                                                                                  chicken pot pie sounds like a delicious 3 course meal.
                                                                                                                                                   so an irish guy walks out of a bar (pause for effect)
                                                                                                                                                                                       the class of 2019
                                                                                                    i've done a lot of stupid stuff in my life, but at least i've never signed up at the gym in january.
                                                                         m: i can't access twitter it: we blocked twitter m: what am i supposed to do with this computer now? it: work? m: who hurt you?
                                                                                                            trump has just been debriefed about the aliens in area 51 he wants them deported immediately
                                                                                                                                  how much coke did charlie sheen do? enough to kill two and a half men.
                                                                                                                                                         american horror story the rise of donald trump.
                                                                                                            sorry i can't attend your facebook event, i'll be busy throwing myself off a cliff that day.
                                                                                                                                     what dog breed do jewish pet owners desire most? a golden retriever
                                                                                                                                                                 what do you call a magic owl? hoo-dini!
                                                                                                       what's the difference between a cow and super mario bros? a cow can't be milked for over 30 years
                                                                                                                                     please just try it. every woman you see tonight: "sexy gary busey?"
                                                                                                               what do you do when you are done with the vegetables? you put them back in the wheelchair
                                                                                                                                  i have a great relation ship with jesus he mows my lawn for $6 an hour
                                                                                                                                            what does an alabama prostitute give her family? a discount!
                                                                             patient: doc, i haven't been able to bone my wife lately and i really think- dr dog: wait. tell me more about the bone part
                                                                     do you ever get a series of sharp pains like someone has a voodoo doll of you and they're viciously stabbing it? no? how about now?
                                                                                                                                           how do you circumcise a red-neck? kick his sister in the jaw.
                                                                               my doctor told me to eat more taco bell. well actually he said "less mcdonald's" but i'm pretty sure i know what he meant
                                                              students, unfollow me now. tonight's drunk subtweets might sting a little. especially you britney. your lab report was a pile of dog shit.
                                                                                                                 how do norwegians catch rabbits in norway? they hide in a bush, and make carrot sounds.
                                                                                                         why is denmark the happiest country on earth? because all the sad people there kill themselves.
                                                                                                             i want to tell the sun to stop being so self-centered but the world does revolve around him
                                                                                          did you hear about the guy who walked around with two pails of milk on his feet for a year? it was legendairy.
                                                                                                                                     what did the mexican firefighter call his two sons? jose and hose-b
                                                               i'm finishing off this bottle of wine because you never know when an asteroid is gonna hit and i'd hate to waste the $6.49 i spent on it.
                                                                                                                                               how do you break a polacks finger? punch him in the nose.
                                                                                                                                       why is no one friends with dracula? cause hes a pain in the neck.
                                                                [pun] i wanted to be a personal trainer... but i was too scrawny and had to hand in my too weak notice. (credits to adrian, badass chef)
                                                                                                                                            why type of lightning likes to play sports?  -ball lightning
                                                             grocer: slide your card me: it didn't work grocer: does it have a chip? me: *puts hand over pringle in my pocket i was saving for later* no
                                                                                                                                       how is disneyland like viagra? an hour wait for a 30 second ride.
                                                                                                         q: what is the difference between a banjo  and a chain saw? a: a chain saw has a dynamic range.
                                                                                     my girlfriend told me i was one in a million when i looked through her text messages, i had to admit she was right.
                                                                                                       what did the agnostic dyslexic insomniac do? he stayed up all night wondering if there was a dog.
                                                                                                                     tifu by having one night stand it broke and i don't have another to replace it with
                                                               dr. says i have an enlarged heart thanks doc i already know i'm super nice just trying to figure out why i can't breathe when i eat chips
                                                                                                                         hitler started the first ever jewish marathon.. but he couldn't finish the race
                                                            *buys map of world, pins up on wall *throws dart, swears to visit wherever it lands *packs for wall 3 feet away *has an amazing time at wall
                                                                    have you heard the one about the dyslexic agnostic insomniac? he stayed up all night wondering whether or not there really is a dog.
                                                                                                                     i wish there was a way to keep in touch with dogs i meet outside of grocery stores.
                                                                   [dog social media] post: *picture of a cat falling out of a tree* caption - "woof, woof, woof." dog reading: hahahahahaha. *retwoofs*
                                                                                                           why is it a bad idea to get in a relationship with a statue? because it's not going anywhere.
                                                                                                                            what happens if usain bolt misses his bus? he waits for it at the next stop.
                                                                                                                      someone asked me to deck the halls, so i did. mr and mrs hall were a bit miffed...
                                                                                          not to brag but i'm never late for work without a good reason. for example this week my boss is on vacation...
                                                                                                      a dog pisses on an ant... and the ant says "hey watch it!" and the dog says "i don't have a watch"
                                                                               [text] h: i'm at lowes, how wide is the door frame? m: i measured, it's 35 and then 3 little lines after a big long line.
                                                                                                                                     i used to be addicted to playing with play-doh but now i'm reformed
                                                                                                                                                                          my cute kitten aww, wrong sub.
                                                                                               why did the plant say after being watered? "i'm not hungry exactly, but i could still use a light snack".
                                                                                                                                asians are so bad at driving that i think pearl harbour was an accident.
                                                                                     bears spend a bunch of time getting fat, sleep for a few months and then wake up skinny. being a human is terrible.
                                                                                                                                                    a rapist, a pedophile and a priest walks into a bar.
                                                                                                                                  tifu by whipping the wrong person at the bdsm club. whoops, wrong sub.
                                                                                                                        what did god say to the inventor of the didlo? "if you build it, they will cum."
                                                                                         this october has 5 fridays, 5 saturdays and 5 sundays all in one month. it happens only once in 823 years. waw.
                                                                                                                                                                 "sooth. sooth! soooth!!!" --soothsayers
                                       i opened the door for an old lady today... a few people stared when they seen me jump in front of her and just stand there to activate the automatic door though.
                                                              i was pretty nervous doing stand-up in front of a bunch of nudists but then i imagined the crowd in their underwear and it helped so much.
                                                                           my son woke me last night and said "there's another daddy in the house!" i don't think he understands how gay marriage works.
                                                                                                                                                                       at the south pole by anne tarctic
                                                                                                        i normally despise the idea of "separate but equal", but i would love a separate gay drink menu.
                                                                                                 ebay is challenging to use . . . (x-post from f7u14) i searched for lighters, and i got 72,816 matches!
                                                                                                                                        what's a drug lord woman called? a drug lady? a heroin heroine?!
                                                                                                                          did you know darth veder got married his wife is elevator terrible joke i know
                                                                                                                    what did the elephant say to the naked man?.. how can you breath through that thing.
                                                                                                                                        the hard truth is like poetry... ...most people hate hearing it.
                                                                                                                                       what is the hardest part of a vegetable to eat? the wheelchair...
                                                                                                       why are jewish men circumcised ? because a jewish woman won't touch anything unless it's 50% off.
                                                            learning from your own mistakes is the biggest mistake you can make. carefully observe the stupidity of others and learn from theirs instead
                                                                       when my cats look out the window at another cat i like to pretend they're judging and disparaging it with little british accents.
                                                                                                                                                         what is et short for? because he has short legs
                                                                            mama duck, baby duck q: what did did the mother duck say to her duckling? a: "if you don't behave, i'm gonna quack you one."
          doctor nervous by three year old when my three-year-old was told to pee in a cup at the doctor's office, he unexpectedly got nervous. with a shaking voice, he asked, "do i have to drink it?"
                                                                                                                                                man have three potatoes in latvia is joke, such is life.
                                                                                                                                   why is lorde named thusly? she isn't named thusly, she's named lorde.
                                                                                         "did you hear? grandpa got burnt the other day." "how badly?" "well they don't fuck around at the crematorium."
                                                                                                                what fish sounds like a telephone?  herring herring...herring herring...herring herring.
                                                                                                                how many kids with adhd does it take to change a light bulb? let's go play on our bikes.
                                                                             nasa was planning on building a restaurant on the moon they cancelled because they figured it wouldn't have any atmosphere.
                                                                                                                                          *reads sign* no shirt, no shoes, no service! *takes off pants*
                                                                                                                remember to check on your elderly neighbors to see if they have anything worth stealing.
                                                               the lead singer of chumbawamba died earlier today. during his autopsy his body got knocked down...and that's when things got interesting.
                                                                                              a "c," an "e-flat" and a "g" walk into a bar..... the bartender says, "sorry, we don't serve minors here."
                                                              i put a justin bieber's song as my alarm tone and it works wonders cuz i wake up before it goes off so i don't have to listen to that sh1t
                                                                                                  the greek dilemma: if you are swimming in a sea of shit and someone throws a turd at you, do you duck?
                                                                                                      some girl asked what my sign was. i told her it was "beware of dog" and then i dry humped her leg.
                                                                                                                                 subway is like prostitution you pay someone else to do your wife's job.
                                                            my ipod started crying after i dropped it. i said "you'll be okay, stop syncing about it". we laughed & made jokes about microsoft together.
                                                                                     wife: i made you an appt. with the eye doctor me: [spreading cream cheese onto destiny's child cd] my eyes are fine
                                                                                                                                              what did the zero say to the eight? "nice belt, fuckface."
                                                                                                                  men are like bank accounts.  without a lot of money they don't generate much interest.
                                                                                             why did the chicken cross the road? to knock knock on the door, walk into the bar and change the lightbulb.
                                                                                                                                           men have feelings too. for example, sometimes we feel hungry.
     so a duck walks into a bar... he waddles over to a seat and settles in. the bartender says "hey there, what can i get for you?" and the duck says "i... i don't know. i've never made it this far."
                                                                                                               what's the best part of having sex with twenty seven year olds? there are twenty of them.
                                                                              investigating hillary clinton is like fishing on discovery channel ... you catch them, you show them, and you let them go.
                                                                               what was the name of the gay world war ii themed porn film starring charlie chaplin as adolf hitler? the great dick taker
                                                                      my friend was upset that he lost out on a promotion at work to an attractive older woman. i told him not to cry over skilled milf.
                                                                                         why did the blonde starve to death? her new phone came with a little packet in the box that said, "do not eat."
                                                                                                                        an atheist, a crossfiter, and a vegan walk into a bar... ...and everybody knows.
                                                                                       every morning when i wake up, the first thing i do is make my bed. i think i'll return the piece of shit to ikea!
                                                                  i've discovered the best way to punish 17, is to put on the same outfit as her, then follow her around all day yelling out "twinsies!"
                                                                                                                                                                     sodomy? sodoyou. jk, please sodomy.
                                                                                                                          what do you call hitler in the water? adolfin. stolen from /u/nightredditor423
                                                                                                                                                    whitney houston's last hit was ... off a crack pipe.
                                                                                                                              if you are not part of the solution, you're probably running for president
                                                                                          two cannibals are eating a dead clown one cannibal turns to the other and says "does this taste funny to you?"
                                                                                                                                             what do koreans need when they take out the dog? oven mitts
                                                                            quick jokes http://thoughtcatalog.com/christopher-hudspeth/2013/09/50-terrible-quick-jokes-thatll-get-you-a-laugh-on-demand/
                                                                                                                                               "knock knock" "who's there?" "syd" "syd who?" "dys leiax"
                                                                                                                                                   what is a british woman on her period? a bloody cunt.
                                                                              my gf texted me "myspacebuttonisbrokenonmyphonecanyoupleasegivemeanalternative" do any of you know what "ternative" means?
                                                                                           accordion to a recent survey, most people don't notice when a musical instrument is inserted into a sentence.
                                                                                               how did the inventor of the car advertise his new "horse-less carriage"? he said it goes without a hitch!
                                                                                                                                         i knew that psychic wasn't legit when she let me write a check.
                                                                                                         restaurants drastically overestimate how much i care about which wood they smoke my bacon over.
                                                                                                                                                  donald trump's bid for the presidency. [see: username]
                                                                                                                               if life has taught me anything, it's that browser history repeats itself.
                                                                                                                                                                       4k tvs? no thanks i only need one
                                                                                                                                                        why does washington dc stink? because of the b o
                                                                                                                                                         if had a feminine side i would try and fcuk it.
                                                                                             i'm busy hiding all of the tissues in my house... so when santa comes tonight he will have to use his beard
                                                                                                               why did the redneck high school cancel driver's ed class? they needed the car for sex ed.
                                                                                                                                never get a circumcision from an unqualified professional it's a rip off
                                                            trying to get this hot girl at the bar jealous, so i'm slow dancing & making out with a potted plant. it's working, she's been staring at me
                                                                                        what do spinach and anal sex have in common? if you were forced to have it as a kid, you'll hate it as an adult.
                                                                                                                                the realization that netflix knows me better than my closest friends....
                                                                                                                  what did the grape say when it got stepped on? nothing, it just let out a little wine!
                                                                                                          i have two feelings in ramadan, it's either "i'm hungry" or "i shouldn't have eaten this much"
                                                                                            the flag in the moon is fading into an all white flag future generations will believe the french were there.
                                                                                                                                            i like my women like i like my milk rich, white, and 2% fat.
                                                                                                                                            i'm never condescending that's when you talk down to people.
                                                                     i was pulled over by a female officer today when she approached my car window i asked what's wrong officer? she said "ugh nothing!"
                                                                                              hey baby, you want to come back to my place? i do one hell of a bill cosby impression i'd love to show you
                                                              i live in my parent's basement so i had to dig a deeper basement for my kids to live in. in 20 generations we will reach the earth's core.
                                                                               if you didn't want me looking in your bedroom than you never should have put your window at the same height as my ladder.
                                                                                                                                               most of us are 2 feet away from being a double amputee...
                                                                                                                              it's the 21st century, people. why in the world do we still have mornings?
                                                                                                                        ooo! the morning weather girl... come on baby, give daddy the five day forecast.
                         i was doing some curling in the gym when some guy looked at me funny. i said, "what's up, punk?" "nothing," he replied, "i've just never seen a man using hair rollers before."
                                                                                                                    why were the welder and stoner such good friends? they both love to spark up joints.
                                                                                                     you burn more calories chasing after your cat than you get from eating it. it's the celery of pets.
                                                                                                               q: what do the republicans have that bill  clinton wishes he had? a: a mandate to govern.
                                                                                                                                                  what goes up and never comes down in college your debt
                                                                                                    say what you will about us hypocrites, but the standards we claim to have are way higher than yours.
                                                                                                                                                          what does a gay orgy sound like? a cockophony.
                                                                                          a nurse puts her hand in her pocket, finds a rectal thermometer and exclaims.... "some arsehole's got my pen!"
                                                                                                                                 what did the cannibal do after he dumped his girlfriend? wiped his butt
                                                                                      2 antennas met on a roof, fell in love and got married. the ceremony wasn't much, but the reception was excellent.
                                                                         making people uncomfortable & upset really gives me the most happiness in life . above all else , i hope to make you feel wrong
                                                                                                                         boy: have u ever been fishing before girl: why? boy: i think we should hook up!
                                                                                                  i saw a beefle of buffaloes really!? is a herd of buffaloes called a beefle? nah, i was just joking...
                                                                                                     what is them difference between a horse and a harley davidson? on a harley, the dick is on the top.
                                                                                                                what did the first lesbian vampire say to the other lesbian vampire? see you next month!
                                                                                                                     had so mych coffee who wants to help me stop kony lets go lets steal a car bro cmon
                                                                                                           does anyone know what to do if you carve a pumpkin that is too scary. i cant go in my kitchen
                                                 how many gay guys does it take to screw in a light bulb? three. one to screw it in, one to pour the wine, and one to say 'marvelous, simply marvelous!'
                                                                                                                                                       whats the fastest way to a women's heart? a knife
                                                                                                                                                                    i self medicate, therefore you live.
                                                                                                        janay rice says the elevator attack was all part of god's plan. god must not like her very much.
                                                                                i don't know why everyone is making such a big deal about black friday... personally, i think all fridays should matter.
                                                                          hunting should only be legal if the animals are allowed to use weapons as well. i just want to see a bear with a sniper rifle.
                                                                                                                               i asked my friend if he wanted to hear some dubstep. he said, "tech, no!"
                                                                                    the scene from the exorcist where she's tied to the bed cursing like a sailor, but it's me when getting a brazilian.
                                                                               i'm trying to envision something more fitting than this election actually ending in a biden-trump fist fight and i cannot
                                                                                                                             of course my clothes are on the floor. i'm a guy, that's where i hang them.
                                                                                        always leave them wanting more, my uncle used to tell me. i guess that's why he lost his job in disaster relief.
                                                               amazing how easily that guy scaled trump tower. thank god u can't get suction cups in mexico cause then wall idea would be really stupid.
                                                               i followed this woman on a bike with an empty baby seat for a half a mile yelling, "your baby jumped out!" before she gave me the finger.
                                                                               was feeling particularly adventorous today.so decided to jump off a moving train.now hav to buy my nephew a new train set
                                                                                                                                                  "entertainment news" is a strange way to spell gossip.
                                                                                there is no "i" in the word "team," but i don't think that means anything about team work. that's just how it's spelled.
                                                                                          a drunk driver crashed into a school bus full of kids the other day, but it's ok. all the injuries were minor.
                                                                                                           a kind man helped me with wood chopping today i really appreciate the random axe of kindness.
                                                                                                      i just saved a ton of money on my christmas shopping by expressing my political views on facebook.
                                                                                                                  i couldn't recall where i had rented my car from... ...but then i remembered the alamo
                                                                                                                                              what do you call an abortion in prague? a cancelled czech.
                                                                                                                            whats the hardest part about roller skating telling your parents you are gay
                                                                                                                                                                   what's a lawyers favourite food? suet
                                                            *man with beerbelly waiting outside elementary school* *teacher walks towards man* "are you expecting a child?" "no thats from all the beer"
                                                                                                                    thinking about opening a restaurant for breast cancer survivors. it's called hooter.
                                                                                     clapping was invented by white people at concerts, because we have no idea what to do with our hands when we dance.
                                                      what is a pirate's least favorite letter? dear sir/ma'am we are cutting your internet connection due to the following reasons: illegal downloading
                                                                                                       what did one cracker say to the other? "let's conquer the americas, africa, australia, and asia."
                                                                      fun prank: if someone leaves their car windows cracked cause it's hot outside, start slipping unwrapped kraft singles in their car
                                                                                                                                                     how do you circumsize a blue whale? four skindivers
                                                                                                      is the capital of kentucky pronounced "louis-ville" or "louie-ville?" its pronounced "frank-fort."
                                                                                       what is an apt gift for a female porn star that collects vintage comic books? an issue of *giant sized man-thing*
                                                                                   why can't you see a transgender who's a dad? because he's a transparent. apologies if i could've worded it different.
                                                                                                                            it's as if none of these people have ever seen a beer hat at the gym before.
                                                                                                                    what was the first think queen elizabeth did on ascending to the throne ? sat down !
                                                                   i named my wifi after my last girlfriend because it's never fully connected with me. and also because i caught my neighbour using it.
                                                                                                                            q)what will you call a person who sleeps next to a close relative? a) napkin
                                                                                                                  i want to be the reason you look down at your phone and smile, then walk into a pole..
                                                                                                                                           when is a black dog not a black dog ? when it's a greyhound !
                                                                                                 [sportsjoke] how do you know it's going to be a white christmas? it's approaching with deceptive speed.
                                                                           the chicken and the road of doom why did the chicken cross the road? i don't know kernel sanders got him. r.i.p. lil' chicken
                                                                                                    "did you hear? lament's gettin' a ph.d." "what does ph.d. stand for?" "in his case pin-headed dope."
                                                                                                      stuck in traffic but luckily few people are beeping their horns so we'll be moving any second now.
                                                              my 8 year old daughter said she needed a new head coach at school i figured why not have my wife be the new head coach? she's great at it!
                                                            i have a very sore throat & your suggestion of a shot of whiskey only helped in the way that i no longer care about my extremely sore throat
                                                                                    [drops son off for 1st day at daycare] "ok, mr hughes, see you at 3 o'clock." "not a chance. he's your problem now."
                                                                                                                                              which drink makes a gorilla feel tipsy? an ape-ricot sour!
                                              how many tax auditors does it take to find a $1.00 mistake in an expense report? three. one to find the mistake and two to discuss the significance of it.
                                                                                                                                       doctors just assume i want all my blood at a particular pressure.
                                                           a man is following the oregon trail. he meets a man named terry... "terry? what a stupid name!" terry killed him. he died from dissin' terry.
                                                              had to stop watching game of thrones with my parents tonight, because of all the sex. so i've recorded it to watch after they've finished.
                                                            republicans & democrats are like divorced parents who care more about getting the kids to hate the other one than they are their well-being.
                                                                                                             how many conspiracy theorists does it take to change a light bulb? nobody knows. except me.
                                                                                                                              we need to get into the fertilizer industry... i hear business is booming.
                                                                                                                                         why does snoop dogg always carry around an umbrella? fo drizzle
                                                                                                     apple just created a new operating system for the spanish speaking population it's called froot-os.
                                                                                         what do you get when you cross an ape with a calculator? a hairy reasoner. (andy rooney used to enjoy this one)
                                                                                                                                         michael j fox got a new restaurant endorsement deal... shakey's
                                                                                                                                    where did the bull carry his stock-market report?  in his beef case!
                                                                                                                                          what do you call a dragon that can't sit still? a wiggle wyrm.
                                                                                                                             sometimes when i look into the toilet i realize that i'm not a regular guy.
                                                                                                                       why do presidents have unsatisfied wives? it takes four years to get an election.
                                                                       i just bough t a new pair of sunglasses... so anytime i make a bad pun, i'm gonna put them on and *puts on sunglasses* look cool.
                                                                                                                                              want to hear an awesome lyrebird impression? you just did.
                                                                *inside camp-out tent* "wanna hear-" *puts torch under chin* "-a scary story?" *flicks torch on, it vibrates* "omg. its. not. a. torch."
                                                                                                                                why did the frog cross the road.... because he was taped to the chicken.
                                                                       my girlfriend just text me, 'thespacebuttonisbrokenonmyphonecanyoupleasegivemeanalternative' anybody know what 'ternative' means?
                                                                                                                                                                 smoking 1: what cures smoking 2: cancer
                                                                                                                                                    how do you make holy water? boil the hell out of it!
                      what's the similarity between your zero-exercise lifestyle and a professional weight-lifter competing in the olympics? they both involve muscles and they both result in a-trophy.
 people are always mistaking things i say as racist. the other day, this guy thought i called him a 'sand nigger.' but what i said was, 'get out of the sand, nigger. volleyball is a white man's spo...
                                                                                                                                       *hires a group of teenage girls to giggle every time you walk by*
                                                                                                                        why is windows going from 8 to 10? because 7 ate 9. credit to a guy i work with.
                                                                                                                                                       so stephen hawking walked into a bar just kidding
                                                                                                                                  what does a muslim man call a girl he is living in sin with? haram bea
                                                              there's a lot of strange facts in this world if you think about it. for example, some people like when there's pulp in their orange juice.
                                                                                                                                     what's the difference between dark and hard it stays dark all night
                                              my new girlfriend asked me how many girls i've slept with. "eleven," i replied. "wow! you must be a player," she laughed. "no," i said, "i'm their coach."
                                                                                                                                                            i can't stop telling people how modest i am.
                                                                                                                                          why don't dairy farmers wear flip flops? because they lactose.
                                                                                                              what's the best way to organize your cakes, muffins, and hamburger buns? alphabreadically!
                                                                                                                                                     why are there no casinos in china? they hate tibet.
                                                                                                                                                                   worst joke:joker said i'm not a joker
                                                                                                                                       did you guys hear what happened to helen keller? neither did she.
           sorry, australia... overheard my sister talking to my friend when this was said. sis: "do they have bush babies in australia"? friend: "no, but they have plenty of dead babies in the bush".
                                                            lamp for sale: gold, antique, good patina, evil genie, functions like new, you will be killed, shiny, polished, be careful what you wish for
                                                                                                               pretzels come in twist shape because the twist is how disappointed you are in your snack.
                                                                                                                                       a ps4 and xbox one get shot the ambulance comes wii u wii u wii u
                                                                                                      i never know what to do with my hands during pictures, so i get it gang members, i totally get it.
                                                                                  when people say "surreal" they mean "real", it's just most of your life is not very real, just repetition and routine.
                                                             i've officially started crossing my sevens when i write them. it's a fun, easy way to distract myself from the fact that i'll be dead soon!
                                                                                                                       everyone preaches body acceptance, until you show up naked at the company picnic.
                                                                                                                                               what is a canadian's favorite nirvana song? all apologies
                                                                    yogi bear: you gonna eat that? hiker: that's a baby. yb: and i'm a talking bear. hiker: yb: hiker: yb: so where are we on that baby?
                                                                                                                                                             how do you make a witch pregnant? fuck her!
                                                                                                                                     knock knock who's there ! bibi ! bibi who ? bibi bibi bunting ... !
                                                                                                                                  what do you call a brown woman with a yeast infection? beef wellington
                                   plans for easter wife: what are your plans for easter? husband: same as jesus.. wife: what do you mean ?? husband:i will disappear on friday and reappear on monday!!
                                                                                                                                               whyisleatherarmorbestforsneaking? it'sliterallymadeofhide
                                                                                                                                   how do you find will smith in the snow? just follow the fresh prints!
                                                                                                                watched full house for not even a full minute & now i'm white with a credit score of 720
                                                                                                          how many alzheimer's patients does it take to screw on a light bulb? to get to the other side!
                                                                                                                                                                               wanna hear a joke? me too
                                                                                               there's three types of people in this world. those who can count and those who can't. which one are you??
                                                                                                     what is the meanest practical joke one can pull on a blind person? leaving a plunger in the toilet.
                                                                                                              a black man walks into a bar and takes a seat he also takes a pen, a mug and $200 in cash.
                                                                         i just got back from my best friend's funeral. he died after being hit on the head with a tennis ball. it was a lovely service.
                                                         student l: "did you know that ghosts are protected by the constitution?" student 2: "they are?" student 1: "sure. it's in the bill of frights!"
                                                                       we decided to name our unborn child something that represents where it was conceived. only 7 more months until baby uber is born!
                                                                                                                         jesus would be a great porn star. his second cumming is biblical in proportion.
                                                                                                                                                                 what is a cat's favorite color? purrple
                                                                                                                                                                            what do fish smoke? seaweed.
                                                                   what are the chances that donald trump has so annoyed people... that even rapists and murderers don't want to be associated with him?
                                                                                                                        q: why do girls like guys who wear shirts with eight buttons? a: they fascinate.
                                                                                                                      a first date is probably the best time to show off your wicked hand puppet skills.
                                                                                                                                           a magician walks down the street and turns into a bar. voila!
                                                                                                                                          i am not a fan of dad jokes. "hi, notafanofdadjokes, i'm dad."
                                                                                                                       how many duis does tony hawk have that he has to ride everywhere on a skateboard?
                                                            sex (nsfw) what is the difference between regular sex and anal sex? regular sex makes your day. anal sex makes your whole week.. (hole weak)
                                                                                                                                              that one day of fame on facebook when it is your birthday.
                                                                                                                 why was the gay triceratops so frustrated? because he couldn't find any tricerabottoms!
                                                                                                                      what did one nut say to the other nut? between you and me, our neighbor is a dick.
                                                                                                                    why in the hell would i clean my bathtub? i put soap and water in there every day...
                                                                                                                              did you hear the one about the constipated accountant? he couldn't budget.
                                                                                                did you hear about the man who got hit in the head with a can of soda? he was lucky it was a soft drink.
                                                                                                                                         i want to tell you all a udp joke ... but you might not get it.
                             i got in line behind an old classmate of mine while vacationing at disney world... i said "wow, it's a small world!" she said, "actually this is pirates of the caribbean."
                                                                                              how many flies does it take to screw in a lightbulb? just two. real question is, how'd they get in there.?
                                                            [doctor's office] seal: my flippers are sore. killer whale doctor: hmm interesting, swim a little closer into my jaws- i mean onto the table
                                                                                                                                                                  awww... -so you love me too?! ...kward
                                                                                                        my wife's not too smart. i told her, our kids were spoiled. she said, "all kids smell that way."
                                                                                                                      justin bieber should thank elton, adam, and ricky for making his closet a walk-in.
                                                                         damn girl, are you a "damn girl" joke? because i want to see you everywhere for the first 5 minutes, then suddenly none of you.
                                                                                                                             what do you call a dog with no legs? doesn't matter. he can't come anyways.
                                                                                                                         what is red and green, and goes over 3000 miles per hour? a frog in the blender
                                                                                                                                          what does santa listen to while delivering presents? sleigh-er
                                                                  doing some research on the fresh prince of belair. does anybody know where he was born and raised and where he spent most of his days?
                                                                                                                                         what is the hardest part to eat on a vegetable? the wheelchair.
                                                                                                                                           "what kind of house does cheese like to live in?" "a cottage"
                                                                                                                                                            what is life like for a wood worm ? boring !
                                                                                                                          when dennis thatcher had sex with margaret thatcher he called it pumping iron.
                                                                                                                    a babe walks into a bar and orders a double entendre so the bartender gave it to her
                                  a zebra walks into a bar... he orders a drink and leaves. a few minutes later a horse walks into the bar. the bartender asks "hey man! what happened to your pajamas?"
                                                                                                                                what do you call a crocodile that can't have sex? a reptile dysfunction.
                                                                                                                     why did the crew abandon the chili pepper boat? it was capsaicin. ^(don't hurt me.)
                                                                 *steals machine parts all year* *gets coal for xmas* "santa you idiot, the parts were for a pressure chamber" *turns coal into diamond*
                                                                                                                            (outside at dusk) wife: lovely evening. me (covered in mosquitos): glorious.
                                                                                                                                         whatever you do, always give 100%. unless you're donating blood
                                                                                                     16: "what was the internet like in the old days?" me: *opens door* *pushes 16 outside* *locks door*
                                                                                                                                           a man walks into a therapist's office, looking for closure...
                                                                  apple announces iphone bug that allows it to be hacked with a single click, in a 'more intuitive and natural way than an android bug'.
                                                                                                                                                               what is an orphans favorite beer? fosters
                                                                           so from now on i believe in talking bears until someone can logically explain how that ted scene just happened on the #oscars
                                                                                                                                                    what's big and gray and comes in quarts? an elephant
                                                                                                                                                         what do you call a girl with no legs? disabled.
                                                                                                             confucius said, man who sleep with itchy bum... ... wake up with smelly finger. ba dum tss~
                                                                childless people wondering what it's like to have some kiddos? make a lovely healthy breakfast. take it and throw it all over the floor.
                                                                                                                             floyd mayweather is unbeaten can't say the same about the women in his life
                                                                                                                                what's worse than a baby stapled to a tree? a baby stapled to ten trees.
                                                                                                                     what do you call the people that trump didn't pick to be in his cabinet? qualified.
                                                                                                                                                  items that are made from velcro... are such a rip-off.
                                                                 wife: "notice anything?" me: "is it your hair, shoes, dress, eyelashes, mascara, lipstick, or nails?" wife: "you forgot to wear pants."
                                                                                                                  what's the nastiest part about having sex with someone's grandma? well, that dependstm
                                                                                             me: "can i see the baby?" sister: "yes, but only if she's awake." me, through a megaphone: "not a problem."
                                                                                                                  a blackjack dealer is arrested for pedophilia... he will hit on anything 16 and under.
                                                                                                                                              dogs really like me... i think it's because i'm an asshole
                                                                                                                          why do bakers start working so early in the morning? because they knead dough.
                                                                                this ps4 pirate simulator game is rubbish! bringing your ship into harbour is a nightmare! i guess it's just a bad port.
                                                                                                 sex is like maths: you add the bed, subtract the clothes, divide the legs, and pray you don't multiply.
                                                                                            what kind of people have the most beautiful eyes? beekeepers. because beauty is in the eye of the beeholder.
                                                                                                              apparently you can't make a baby by adding water to baby powder, so don't waste your time.
                                                                                                                            why aren't there any knock-knock jokes about america? because freedom rings.
                                                                                                                                      my wife told me i needed to stop singing wonderwall. i said maybe.
                                                                                                                    why did the irish man never get caught drink driving? because he never left the pub.
                                                                          what do you call a psychic midget who escaped from prison to go to death valley to shoot up? a high low small medium at large.
                                                                                                           if you put healing crystals in a sock and beat someone with it do they cancel each other out?
                                                                                                                                    how is a bell obedient? it sounds off only when it is told (tolled).
                                                                                      jehovah witnesses don't celebrate halloween; i guess they don't appreciate random people coming up to their doors.
                                                                           me: *smashes bottle into a ship* man: oh cool, what are you naming it? me: i'm not *smashes another bottle* i just hate ships
                                  when someone replies late... if nasa can find a way to send an image of pluto using that hubble space telescope from 4.67 billion miles then why can't you message me?
                                                                                                                  radioshack is on the verge of shutting down. . . i guess its batteries are running out
                                                                       when someone asks if i want to hold their baby, i casually mention that i'm constantly tempted to see how far i can throw things.
                                                                                                                                knock knock who's there ! ari ! ari who ? arin't you glad you use dial !
                                                                                                                                                                     what do you call a bee from us? usb
                                                                                                                               my friend's bakery burned down last night. i think his business is toast.
                                                                                     what do philadelphia eagles fans do after they win the superbowl? turn of madden and go to bed. (i'm an eagles fan)
                                                                                                                                                                               jupit. jupiter. jupitest.
                                                                          in honor of women's day i would like to honestly say that...." life with out you ladies would literally be a pain in the  ass"
                                                                                                                       when is it okay to spit an arab woman in the face? when her moustache is on fire!
                                                                         when talking with a woman in her 30s, it's super important to always pretend to be shocked when she tells you she's in her 30s.
                                                                                                                   why are wedding gowns white? cuz the dishwasher should match the stove and the fridge
                                                                                                                     do not apologize for your dog coming up to me because this is exactly what i wanted
                                                                                                  "he bat batly down the bat, but the bat turned bat before he got bat." mad libs with batman is boring.
                                                                                                                           if laughter is the best medicine, jimmy fallon doesn't need health insurance.
                                                                                      what do terrorists and the american government have in common? they both blow up people who don't agree with them.
                                                                                                            i don't know why people say food in the military is bad... i was given a big chicken dinner!
                                                                                                                                                                  why do we bake cookies and cook bacon?
                                                                                                                                what do you call a bottle of seltzer that lost all its bubbles? water...
                                                                                                          how many super saiyans does it take to change a lightbulb? just 1 but it will take 3 episodes.
                                                                                                                                                           what do you call a jewish pokemon trainer ash
                                                                                                                                q: why does the letter a look like a flower? a: because bs like flowers.
                                                                                        i just watched a show about burritos spinning in a circle because my television's broken and my microwave's not.
                                                                                 what's the similarity between a woman &amp; a condom? [nsfw] they both spend more time in your wallet than on your dick
                                                                                                                                          what is a east indian child's favourite game? hide and go sikh
                                                                                                                  did you hear that tropicana funded the nazi campaign? they made jews from concentrate.
                                                                            i will name my kid pluto when he grow up, he will ask me, "dad, did you name me after a planet?". and i will be like, "no:("
                                                                                                                  watching my cats groom each other and it feels like i should be throwing money at them
                                                                                                          what happened when the cannibal showed up to the buffet late? they gave him the cold shoulder.
                                                                                                                                                                             somebody wake up green day.
                                                                                                           a joke a statistics prof once told me... the average american has one testicle and one ovary.
                     today i saw a japanese man rushing to the elevator the door was closing, so i held it open for him. he replied with, "sank you". why did he have to mention pearl harbor like that?
                                         do you know what it means to come home to a man who'll give you a little love, a little affection, and a little tenderness? it means you're in the wrong house!
                                                                                                                                 i'm kind of clueless about pop culture. i thought "hogwarts" was an std
                                                                                                               what did the recent sunni convert says about isis? they really scared the shiite outa me!
                                                                  [first day as a coroner] me: he died at 11:42am detective: are you positive me: it's hard with all this death but i'm hanging in there
                                                                                                           i bet if amy winehouse had changed her name to amy lemonadehouse, she'd still be alive today.
                                                                                       her: my father is very upset that i'm your girlfriend. me: well, duh, i'm very upset that you're my girlfriend...
                                                            [ring] "expert namer guy" you the dude that named anteater? "yep" i got a bug. not moving. has wings though. "mayfly" *muffled* oh he's good
                                                                                                                                                     how does a man cut his hair on the moon? eclipse it
                                                                     every day the cat climbs a six-foot glass-block wall and watches my wife shower. she thinks it's cute. i do it once and i'm creepy.
                                                                                        what is the difference between a stalking african pygmy and a jogging jane fonda? one of them is a cunning runt.
                                                                                                                why did the blind blonde cross the road because she was following her seeing eye chicken
                                                                    a friend told me this one... why did the cyclops close his school? because he only had one pupil! the joke is that i have no friends
                                                           if you don't tell your girlfriend she's beautiful everyday, 614 guys on facebook who haven't had sex or even been on a  date in 9 years will.
                                                                                                                                          the david cameron diet: you'll never lose your pounds quicker.
                                                                                                                                     i slept like a baby last night i cried for hours and shit my pants.
                                                                                                                               i think the government caused all the snow in the south cause i'm snowden
                                                                                           what's a shy and retiring  accountant? an accountant who is half a million shy and that's why he's  retiring.
                                                           blanket on: too hot, blanket off: too cold, 1 leg out: perfect, until the demon from paranormal activity grabs it & drags  you down the hall.
          i met a girl who said she wanted to be a mortician... "yeah!" she exclaimed, "the job market for morticians is really great right now, despite what people say about it being a dying career."
                                                                                                                                                             what do you call a muslim pilot? an airrab.
                                                                                                             i went to the zoo yesterday, but it was rubbish. all they had was one dog. it was a shitzu.
                                                                                       did you hear about the guy who threw a tree at donald trump? he missed; i guess you really can't stump the trump.
                                                                                                          what does the interrupting cow say? he says moo oh wait this joke totally doesn't work in text
                                                                                                                              i don't know why everyone is hating on this mayweather it's beautiful out.
                                                            "the rules are quite simple, mr bond: i think of a word, you guess letters in that word. if you guess wrong i draw a picture a man hanging."
                                                                                                                   saw my mate wanking today oops that was meant to say 'wayne king', damn auto correct.
                                                                                                  i bet all those girls that ignored me in high school would still be pretty pleased with that decision.
                                                                                                           i recently came into a lot of money. the bank teller wasn't happy about having to use gloves.
                                                                            the enemy of my enemy is my friend, unless it's one of those half-wits who always says "ironic" when they mean coincidental.
                                                                                                                                          you gotta love north korea especially if you're a north korean
                                     dear fork, i know we haven't spoken since i ran away with dish, but i thought you should know you have a son. his name is spork. he has your hair. sincerely, spoon
                                                                                                                                      i finally learned to masturbate without hands! now i use only one.
                                                                                         'hey babe, you fancy amazon prime movie and instant video online demand service and chill later?' no thanks dad
                                                              if i was a villain, my weapon would be a fan and a bag of eyelashes for blinding superheroes i'm a villain, don't ask how i get my weapons
                                                                                                                                    i almost had a threesome yesterday... i just needed two more people.
                                                                                                                                                                               "boo!" -- cow with a cold
                                                                     @burgerking i love the way all employees working the drive thru speak english as a 14th language. i just got a frog and an avocado.
                               boy: the principal is so dumb! girl: do you know who i am? boy: no... girl: i am the principal's daughter! boy: do you know who i am? girl: no... boy: good! *walks away*
                                                                way to bring me down, security questions. dad's birthday? first pet? what's next? gonna ask about marco black rejecting me in 2nd grade?
                                                                                          i've always identified with professor calamitous from jimmy neutron... but i never bothered to figure out why.
                                                                                                                                         why did david schwimmer need ear drops? he had schwimmer's ear.
                                                                                                                                                                           you can't spell dad without a
                                                                                                                                                       who won the asian cooking contest? it was a thai!
                                                                                 i just saw a guy with such a big dick he could fuck himself... and all i could think was how he was so full of himself.
                                                                                                                                                 what do you call the murder of chickpeas? houmous-cide.
                                                                 if you're russian when you're going to the bathroom, and finnish when you get out, what are you while you're in the bathroom? european!
                                                                                     the completely inane bullshit i read on my phone doesn't deserve the super intense face i make while staring at it.
                                                                 if you look in your bathroom mirror & say "donald trump" 3 times, the hair in your shower drain rises up & starts yelling racist slurs.
                                                                                                                                                       fun prank: a chameleon exhibit with no chameleon.
                                                                                              me: i would like a complaint form assistant: sorry, we have none left me: i would like two complaint forms
                                                                                                                                                  what do you call a lesbian with long fingers well hung
                                                                                       i was the beast man at my sister's wedding, and there isn't a day goes by that i don't wish that that was a typo.
                                                                       women tend to make bad decisions when they're around me... if they chose me instead it would be the best decision of their lives!
                                                                                                                                                that joke was so funny... it should be posted in r/funny
                                                                                                                                                                       dis'se i've contracted a disease.
                                                                                               the nice thing about being a girl is oh my fucking god there's a bat in the house, honey, get it! get it!
                                                                                                                              what is the opposite of karen carpenter and john denver duo? two live crew
                                                                                                                   my neighbors are drunk & climbing up the balcony. or possibly being robbed. whatever.
                                                                                                                                                            how do religions reproduce? they have sects.
                                                                              something good is coming my way i can feel it. nothing life changing, probably just a hotdog god please let it be a hotdog
                                                                        what if the light we see at the end of the tunnel when we die is really us just being pushed out of a vagina into our next life?
                                                                                                                                                            what fish only swims at night ? a starfish !
                                                                                 did you hear about the crocodile with false teeth? the birds refused to clean them because it was in-denture servitude.
                                                                                                what did one saggy boob say to the other? "we better get some support before someone thinks we're nuts!"
                                                                                                                                  people need to stop with all the gay jokes... ...i mean, come on guys.
                                                                                                                                                         what do you call jews with hiv? financial aids.
                                           abortion bill a congressional aide asks a politician, "what are we going to do about the new abortion bill?" the politician replied, "shhhhh -- just pay it."
                                                                                     every morning i wake up super pissed at my parents because i have to go to work instead of living off a trust fund.
                                                                                                                                    what's the leading cause of violence in america? volkswagen beetles.
      what does a pizza boy and a gynecologist have in common? they both can smell it, but not eat it. yes i know it's a repost. what did you expect, a new original joke every time? now that's a joke.
                                                                                                      i'm going to name my son after me. so every time he asks to do something cool i say "ya after me."
                                                                      "i have found our arguments quite useful - almost as useful as those i had with my father." - spock and the guy i end up marrying.
                                                                                                                                              did you hear about that new jewish barista? hebrews coffee
               a man asked sombody for the time the person replied "3:15". the first guy says "that's odd, i've been asking the same question all day and i've been getting different answers each time!
                                                                                                                     how do you know your girlfriend is too young? she only puckers up for her pacifier.
                                                                                                                                                                 how high is a stoner sailor? sea level.
                                                                                                                                                            what is brown and rhymes with snoop? dr. dre
                                                                 what do you call a group of sorority girls/fraternity guys standing in a circle? a round of applause ...because they all have the clap.
                                                                                                                                                 what pizza topping to koreans enjoy the most? pupperoni
                                                                                                                                                find out this one weird trick fishermen use. click bait.
                                                                                                                                         how old is your grandma? i dunno but we've had him a long time.
                                                            a black woman had 5 sons name tyrone, tyrone, tyrone, tyrone and tyrone.... how did she tell them apart? she called them by their last names
                                                                                                                                   a swiss army knife is a lot like a pod of dolphins... multi-porpoise!
                                                                                                                      how did donald trump get his tonsils removed? vladimir putin wore a spiked condom.
                                 a man has a sore throat and goes to the doctor... doctor: "your tonsils gotta come out." patient: "i want a second opinion!" doctor: "okay, i don't like your haircut."
                                                             dentist: you don't have to floss all your teeth. only the ones you wanna keep! *i start flossing his teeth* d: um... me: these are mine now
                                                                                new coworker: so do you have any kids? me: yeah, one too many new coworker: haha, oh yeah? how many do you have? me: one
                                                                  as you get older, dirty talk turns into "yeah baby, take that nap. take all of it honey. you like that couch? oh yeah, sleep on it..."
                                                                                                                                             how are baby androids born? from their mother's computerus.
              "i'll have a cheeseburger with a large coke," the blonde girl requested. "excuse me miss, this is a library." ^^"i'll ^^have ^^a ^^cheeseburger ^^with ^^a ^^large ^^coke," she whispered.
                                                                                                         i'm the king of letting my phone ring for a while before i pick it up so it seems like i'm busy
                                                                                                               a shepherd was looking for a sheep that ran away forget it, you've already herd this one.
                                                                                                                                 she has a weimerhi...wimerrihym....wimmerhie... she has a big gray dog.
                                                                                                                                                                      how did the scot die? he got kilt.
                                                                           star trek jokes thread. i'll start: q: how many borgs does it take to screw in a lightbulb? a: none. you will be assimilated.
                                                                                how many cafeteria staff does it take to  change a light bulb? "sorry we closed 18 seconds ago and i've just cashed up."
                                                                                                                what's the difference between michael j. fox and an earthquake? earthquakes stop shaking
                                                                                                                                      what did patrick stewart say when he proposed to his wife? engage.
                                                                                                                                                 what would happen if pigs could fly? bacon would go up!
                                                                                                                                                             a guy pick up a woman then he puts her down
                                                                                                                            whats worse than a dead cat on the piano? a diseased beaver on your organ...
               only the immature will laugh a sausage and an egg are frying in a pan. "it's a bit too hot in here for me, mate." the sausage says to the egg. the egg screams, "ahh! a talking sausage!"
                                                                                            i am sorry about this. i'm not proud of it. why didn't the skeleton cross the road? he didn't have the guts.
                                                                                                                                            irreplaceable - beyonce. i can have another you by tomorrow.
                                                                                                                         what's the difference between me and santa? santa only comes down your chimney.
                                                                                        today my girlfriend left me because i have a linkin park obsession... ...but in the end it doesnt even matter...
                        nsfw where do you go when you get semen in your eye? pearle vision. [totally a canadian joke, my bad for not thinking about that! pearle vision is a local optometry franchise.]
                                                                                                                                                         what does a hawk call a high ledge a *falcony!*
                                                                                                                q: what do you call the security outside of a samsung store? a: guardians of the galaxy.
                                                                                                          a surgeon accidentally removed a women cancerless breast.... sounds like it was a mastec-to-my
                                                                                                                                              i think a group of white people should be called a brunch.
                                                              my brother was in a car accident yesterday... and lost both his left arm and left leg. actually, he's my half brother. he's all right now.
                                                         two hookers are on a street corner.. one says to the other, "you ever been picked up by the fuzz?" "no, but i've been swung around by my tits."
                                                                                                                                         what time did sean connery arrive at wimbledon? around ten-ish.
                                                        the three undefeated nfl teams remaining are all named after cats. the carolina panthers, the cincinnati bengals, and the new england cheet-ahs.
                                                                                                                   what's the longest time in which you haven't consumed alcohol? my record is 21 years.
                                                                                                                  the price of oil has dropped so far that... exxon-mobil had to lay off 25 congressmen.
                                                                                                                                                            i like my women like i like my coffee. cold.
                                                                                                                                                the distance this fish swam... is a scaler not a vector.
                                                                                                     what i bring to a relationship is pretty much the same stuff you can pick up at any hardware store.
                                                                                                                                                racist jokes once you've heard juan, you've heard jamal.
                                                                                                   [on the phone with an ex while violently twisting and stabbing a voodoo doll] are you sure you're ok?
                 i swallowed a 1 coin today.. ..i went to the hospital and after poking around for 10 minutes he stuck his head up and said 'ok go home, come back if there's any change' tight bastard!
                                                                                                                 what's the difference between an entomologist and an etymologist? an etymologist knows.
                                                                                                                                               why don't witches wear a flat cap? there's no point to it
                                                                                                         what do dale earnhardt and adolf hitler have in common? they both died before finishing a race.
                                                                                                                                            i spent two hours child-proofing my home. they still got in.
                                                                                                                                            if batman left church early... would it be a christian bale?
                                                                                                                                                    guys i need your opinion on this joke! david cameron
       q: how many bassoonists does it take to screw in  a light bulb? a: only one but they'll insist on going through about 5 bulbs before they find one that suits this particular room and situation.
                                                                                                                                                   what's an ethiopians favourite song. its raining man.
                                                           every time i post,, i get a rush like i'm releasing a little animal into the wild... a hideous, deformed animal that no one will ever love...
                                                                                                                                surprise your partner in the bedroom by loudly turning into a helicopter
                                                               [wife explaining to me how deaths in movies work] so the actors really don't die? "no" so is abraham lincoln really not dead? *she sighs*
                                                                                                                          what did the stamp say to the envelope on valentine's day? "i'm stuck on you!"
                                                                                                                i wouldn't want to fly virgin. who'd want to fly an airline that doesn't go all the way?
                                                                      13 year old girls be like "i need a man who.. " lol the only man in your life should be spongebob. yallah go finish your homework.
                                                                                                                                          how do you make a car top? you gotta 'tep on the brake 'tupid!
                                                                           you can get used to everything. except an icicle up your ass, because it melts before you get used to it. - a finnish proverb
                                                                                                             if masturbation really made you blind... ... how come i'm still able to typaanco goauma oa,
                                                                    amal clooney bought hubby george a riding lawnmower for his 55th birthday. i have never been so jealous of a garden tool in my life.
                                                                                                     i don't have a vagina, but i'm pretty sure sex feels a lot like cleaning your ear out with a q-tip.
                                                                                                                          a haiku i wrote roses are red and violets are fucking violet you ignorant cunt
                                                                                                                first rule to losing weight as a political world leader you only get out what you putin.
                                                                                                                                 the man who invented auto-correct has died. may he restaurant in piece.
                                                                                                                    my little brother is the sweetest kid. butter wouldn't melt in his mouth. stillborn.
                                                                                                                           what do you call it when bill clinton gets an erection? a political uprising.
                                                                                         forgot to pack tights so i'm wearing yoga pants with my dress and a long sweater. i look like a crazy cat lady.
                                                                                                                           did you hear about the horny asian janitor? first he wax on, then he wax off!
                                                                                                                          ha! major typo on page 28 of the new itunes agreement. anyone else catch that?
                                                                                                                     i wore a leather jacket into a vegan restaurant and now i'm hiding in the bathroom.
                                                                                                                             q: what do you call a cat who's joined the red cross? - a: a first-aid kit!
                                                                                                                                                  why did the chicken cross the road? doesn't matter kek
                                                                                                                                             what do you call an old person from portugal? a portugeeser
                                                                                                                                 i once had a math test in an elevator... i was wrong on so many levels.
                                                                                                                                 what happens when you throw a green rock into the red sea? it gets wet.
                                                                                                              what's the difference between a boy band and a band of just guys? the person sucking dick.
                                                                                                                                              why did the chicken cross the road? because 7 8 9 hahahaha
                                                                                      [job interview] "so do you have any questions you'd like to ask me?" can i wait a week until i take the drug test?
                                                                                                                 hope they send us home early; i'm not sure how much longer i can pretend to work today.
                                                                                                                         what's the best way to make friends? go up to a girl and say that you love her.
                                                                    *brushes teeth for seventeen hours straight before dentist appointment* "jessica, there is an entire oreo behind your second molar."
                                                                                                                                what do you say when your tv is floating in the night? "drop it, nigga."
                                            so, a priest goes weeks without eating, walks barefoot, and has bad breath. [x-post from /r/punny] he's a super calloused fragile mystic hexed by halitosis.
                                                                                                                                 what's the best day of the week to marry your gaming console? wednesday
                                                                 [divorce court] her: i found his twitter account. i want a divorce. judge: he was cheating? her: no, he was doing inspirational tweets.
                                                                                                      a rapist, a carpenter, and alexander the great walk into a bar they came, they saw, they conquered
                                                   why did kgb officers always travel in threes? one who could read, one who could write, and the third to watch over those two dangerous intellectuals.
                                                                                                                                                             why was 6 afraid of 7? because 7 'ate' 9 xd
                                                                               if attacked by a bear you should play dead. if that doesn't work play "total eclipse of the heart". bears love that song.
                                                                                                       til, over 23% of jokes on /r/jokes are just ripoffs of previous ones whooooops... wrong sub(    )
                                                                                                 those "speed enforced by aircraft" signs don't understand how eager i am to get pulled over by an f-16.
                               i ought to start doing more with my weekends than just sit at home drinking beer, jacking off to porno mags and playing minesweeper. i do enough of those things at work.
                                                                                                                                                              you got to hand it to blind prostitutes...
                                                                                     sometimes i get so wrapped up in my own problems that i forget there are people having real fights on the internet.
                                                                                                                                                   what do you call a cow masturbating? beef stroganoff!
                                                                                 today seems like the perfect day to make important life altering decisions! - me, when i've gone two days without sleep
                                                                                    "911 what's your emergency?" "yeah, i've got so many questions about bees." *sighs* "please hold for the president."
                                                                                                     what do you call a pub for lesbians in circus outfits? a clown-dyke-bar credit to u/thebigdsopinion
          a swastika has been spray painted over donald trump's star on the hollywood walk of fame... ...police say it's impossible to tell if the act was committed by trump's opponents or supporters.
                                                                              intellectual joke helium walks into a bar, the bar tender says "we don't serve noble gases in here." helium doesn't react.
                                                                                                                                                     what takes up 12 parking spaces? six women drivers.
                                                                                      i'm sponsoring this new group that teaches underprivileged children about basic math terms upvote for divisibility
                                                                                                                       want to hear me say something funny? well alright then...."something funny" there
                                                                   a man goes to his doctor. man- doc i cant stop singing tom jones songs, have you ever heard of such a thing? doctor- its not unusual.
                                                                         so my friend asks me if i like the genre metal... i told him that i don't know what a genre is, but i do like copper and steel.
                                                                                                                                            why is 6 afraid of 7? because 7 is a registered six offender
                                                                                                                                                    i was accused of plagiarism... their words, not mine
                                                                                                                           did you hear about the movie "constipated" ??? i heard it hasn't come out yet
                                                                                                             how many peta members does it take to change a lightbulb? none. they can't change anything.
                                                                                                                                           knock knock who's there? aren't you glad i didn't say banana?
                                                                                                                          what is the difference between roast beef and pea soup? anyone can roast beef.
                                            father: i want to take my girl our of this terrible math class. teacher: but she's top of the class. father: that's why i think it must be a terrible class.
                                                             a women's logic: hes nice, but i'd rather date an asshole, try to change him, fail, get my heart broken and preach "all  guys are the same"
                                                                 "wait!" i screamed at my daughter as she typed y-o-u on my computer but miraculously the autocomplete added "tube" so yeah, god exists.
                                                                                                                 uncle got surgery to get 12 nipples it's not just me, it sounds super weird, dozen tit?
                                                                                                fun thing to do: before leaving someone's house, ask them if you can take a roll of toilet paper "to go"
                                                                         sperm 1: "geez i'm exhausted, how much further to the fallopian tubes?" sperm 2: "a long way, we've just passed the tonsils..."
                                                                                                                   no one who heard me talking to my dog would assume that english is my first language.
                                    two sausages are frying in a pan... ...and one of them says to the other, 'fuck me, it's hot in here!', to which the other replies 'fuck me, *a talkin' sausage!!!*'
                                                                                                                            what kind of bellybutton did paul walker have? an audi. ^^^im ^^^so ^^^sorry
                                                                                                                       what's the difference between three dicks and a joke? your mom can't take a joke.
                                                                                      i had sex with a guy last night and he was gone the next morning. funny how people just come and go in your lives.
                                                                                                                                       have you seen www.tomatosauce.com? no i'll ketchup with it later.
                                                                                                                   what is long and hard that a polish bride gets on her wedding night? a new last name.
                                                                                                                                                   what did the miner say when he struck gold? au, yeah!
                                                                                                                                      dyk mozart never suffered from stress he always kept his composer.
                                                                                                                   why did helen keller's dog kill itself? you would to if ur name was arrghhvjvjvkkrhvy
                                            wife wanted a man inserted an advertisement in the classifieds "wife wanted". the next day, he received hundreds of replies, all reading: "you can have mine
                                                                                                                                q: why do blondes have orgasms? a: so they know when to stop having sex.
                                                                            my neighbors have really overgrown trees in their yard and keep their curtains down all the time i think that's pretty shady
                                                                 me: do dogs think we have three mouths because we pick stuff up with our hands? vet: where exactly is your dog me: he's uh coming later
                                                                  i have decided to leave my past behind me, so if i owe you money... i'm sorry, but i've moved on, and maybe it's time that you do too.
                                                                                                                              cinnabon got it right with the whole selling cinnamon rolls all day thing.
                                                                                                                               why doesn't anyone tell jokes about jonestown? the punchline is too long.
                                                                                 mike huckabee calls obama a "pretend christian", and if anyone's an expert on "pretend christians", it's mike huckabee.
                                                                                                                   what's the difference between a white baby and a black baby? 300 degrees in the oven.
                                                                                                                                        what kind of church music do they sing in finland? finnish hymn!
                                                                                                     my life is a constant cycle of waiting until the weekend and then not doing anything when it comes.
                                                                      [on a date] *wonders if she'll steal my fries while i use the restroom* *shakes magic 8 ball* "yes" *takes plate of fries with me*
                                                                                                                          to all the men out there without ponytails: what are you afraid of? success???
                                                                                                                                    what did the little girl's parents want for christmas? a better son.
                                            an nfl chuckler if the tampa bay buccaneers are called the bucs, and the jacksonville jaguars are called the jags, what does that make the tennessee titans?
                                                                                                                              i like my women like i like my wine... twelve years old and in the cellar.
                                                                                              when your mom is mad at you and finds anything to throw at you https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_75ca3xmssm
                                                               sometimes i put a vase of flowers outside to let other flowers know that if they try to be prettier than me, i'll cut their legs off too.
                                                                                                                                            according to the bible, what's noah's favorite fruit? pears.
                                                                                                                           did you hear about the amputee that came in last on jeopardy? he was stumped.
                                                                                                                just got the iphone 7. it helped me lose weight! i now have no money to eat for 2 months
                                                                                                      what's the difference between roast chicken and pea soup? i can roast chicken but i can't pea soup
                                                                                                           i'm trying to channel my inner kubrick for my next porno. i'm calling it "a cockwork orange".
                                                                                                                                   how much do pirates pay for earrings? somewhere around a buck an ear.
                                                                                                              every frozen yogurt store feels like you're hanging out inside a japanese girl's backpack.
                                                                                                                              sometimes i put on a belt made out of watches because i like to waist time
                                                                                                                                                what is captain hook's favorite kind of humor? dead pan.
                                i've always said i'd go to africa at some point in my life, and do what i could to help all the poor, starving children. but i've just had so much on my plate recently.
                                                               my mate wears the same jacket when he's impersonating either matt damon or hugh jackman. maybe he's bourne with it, maybe it's wolverine.
                                                                                                                                i just touched a person with down syndrome. then i shouted; "touchdown!"
                                                                              what happened to frankenstein's monster on  the road? he was stopped for speeding fined $50 and dismantled for six months.
                                                               if you play a windows vista disc backwards, you can hear satanic chanting... ...what's worse, if you play it forwards, it installs vista.
                                                                                                                      roses are flowers, violets are flowers, i'd love you more if you had super powers.
                                                                                                                                       whats the best way to eat a vegetable go for the wheelchair first
                                                                                                                                        leo finally won an oscar. his acting must have been a solid 5/7.
                                                                                 i surveyed 100 women &amp; asked which shampoo did they use when showering. 99 of them said, 'how did you get in here'.
                                                                                                                                           why did the black guy cross the road? he wanted some chicken!
                                                                                                                              what do you call an egyptian with a gastrological disorder? toot uncommon.
                                                       "oh my god!" responded the mother as she heard the news. "will my son be an alkyne forever?" "it's even worse," the doctor said, "he's terminal."
                                                                                         best advice for men about women never try to understand women. women understand women and they hate each other.
                                                                                                                                                  what kind of underwear do old people wear? ...depends.
                                                                                            whats the difference between a lesbian and a wheat-thin? ones a snack cracker, the other is a crack snacker.
                                                                                                                                                                             "foiled again!" --leftovers
                                                                                                                                    how do you tell a bad joke from a good joke? you skip the punchline.
                                                                                                                   i was never good at french in school. just remembering how to say "bread" is le pain.
                                                        a photon checks in at an airline front counter. agent says... sir, do you have any checked baggage?' photon replies, 'no, i'm travelling light.'
                                                                                                                                                                  world's funniest joke? women's rights!
                                                                 me: "i can't turn on the shower" plumber: "it's seen you naked so often the excitement's gone. try dressing up" *hands over shower cap*
                                                                             when i was young, i stopped believing in santa despite massive peer pressure. you could say i was a rebel without a clause.
                                                                     boy to friend: i'm sorry i won't be able to go out after school. i promised dad that i would stay in and help him with my homework.
                                                                                                                                     why did the woman divorce the grape? she was tired of raisin' kids.
                                                                                                                                why do nice girls always go for the assholes? i don't even like pegging.
                                                                             i may not be the best looking, wittiest, smartest or even the most successful person. i forget where i was going with this.
               [serious] holocaust jokes are not funny and never will be. it's a very sore spot for many people. personally, my grandfather died at dachau, he got drunk and fell out of his watchtower.
                                                                                                      i don't need pepper spray to stop a mugger, i just open my wallet and blow the dust in their eyes.
                                                                                                                                         y'know, the kkk actually do have some good points on their hats
                                                                                                         the scientists have finally found out what a woman wants. but she has already changed her mind.
                                                                                                                                            how would you describe al gore playing the drums? algorithm.
                                                                                           my lesbian friends got me a rolex for my birthday. i don't think they understood when i said "i wanna watch."
                                                                                                                                                             this is ray. http://i.imgur.com/bzfrqet.png
                                                            you may have the last laugh now, but we'll continue this discussion later when im alone in my car pretending to be a stupider version of you
                                                                                                             what do canes and blue pills have in common? they're both ready for use when a man is limp.
                                                                                                how many dead babies does it take to change a lightbulb? more than 4, because my basement is still dark.
                                                                                                                        why a woman doesn't make sense to a man... actually they make 77 cents to a man.
                                                                                                              the only thing we have to fear is fear itself. also, tornados and the dark and everything.
                                                                                                            don't call it traditional marriage if it doesn't improve relations with neighboring fiefdoms
                                                                                                                        why happened when the cat swallowed a coin ? there was some money in the kitty !
                                                                                                                             how many feminists does it take to screw in a light bulb? that's not funny!
                                                                                                                                                                 the power went out. at the gigafactory.
                                                                                                                                       have you heard about the man with no dick ? he came outta nowhere
                                                                                                                                                                   "freeze! nobody move!"  mother nature
                                                                                                       the bunnies near my house are laying the smallest easter eggs ever, and frankly they taste awful!
                                                                                         fun fact: the average 3-year-old boy can stick 11 kernels of corn up his nose before he needs a trip to the er.
                                                                 judge: show us on this doll where the man hurt you. me: he didn't. but watch this. [i make the doll do a backflip] judge: holy shit lol
                                                                         [looks over neighbour's fence while he's in the pool] "dude, we get it. you can hold your breath for [looks at watch] 19 days."
                                                                                                                               why was the nsa computer programmer late for work? because he got snowden
                                                                                                                          did you know that you could cool yourself to absolute zero... and still be 0k?
                                                                                                                                         i decided today that i want to have kids i hope they taste good
                                                                       if biff's gang had smoked e-cigarettes in 'back to the future 2,' it would've seemed like the least realistic thing in the movie.
                                                           what does trump say after sex? "you're the best daughter ever." (credit for inspiration to the "what does bill say to hilary after sex" joke)
                                                                                                                                              what do you call an angry german? sauerkraut! (sour kraut)
                                                                                                         sex is like maths.. add the bed subtract the clothes divide the legs and pray you dont multiply
                                                                                                                                          charlie sheen hates..... parisians even more than the is does.
                                                                                                                                       god must be a woman because just like my wife, she's always right
                                                                                                                                                     what do you call semitic oompa-loompas? orange jews
                                                                                        what did one saggy boob say to the other saggy boob? if we don't get some support, people will think we're nuts!
                                                                                                                                           you never can trust atoms... because they make up everything!
                                                                                                wife: for the last time buy a terrarium me: [drops 7 lizards into my shirt] why they already have a home
                                                                                                        what keyboard shortcut is extensively used by journalists who work for breitbart news? alt right
                                                                                                                  what's the difference between fat and cholesterol you don't wake up with a cholesterol
                                                                                   did you here about the blonde who made a large donation to the community swimming pool? she gave 25 gallons of water!
                                                                                                                                                 the people in commercials care about me & want to help.
                                                                     if you're 17 and your 200 year old lover won't turn you into a vampire so you can be together forever, he's just not that into you.
                                                                                                                           tweets what's the difference between a tweet and a twat? one makes the other.
                                                                1) print out all your favstar trophies and fold them so they are 2d 2) put them on your mantle 3) invite dad over 4) become favorite son
                                                                                  my sex life (dirty) my sex life is like the kentucky derby, four hours of foreplay, and only 90 seconds of real action
                                                                                                             thinking about opening a lingerie shop for plus size women ....... gonna call it king thong
                                                                                                                i peed in my friend's beer before giving it to him... i told him, "urine for a surprise"
                                                              i have created the only non-racist chinese joke. so i went to chinatown today. there were too many bright lights. i asked them to dim sum.
                                                                                                               what did the american call karl marx when a shrine was dedicated to him in japan? a kami.
                                                                          what's the difference between an alcoholic and a necrophiliac? one goes to the bar for a cold one. the other goes to a morgue.
                                                                 if you're ever feeling bad about your life just remember that there are people out there who bought tickets to the kidz bop world tour.
                                                                                         what do you call it when a person acts holy for a night then sins every day after? a one night stand with jesus
                                                                                                                                         what do you call a vegetable who has escaped prison? an escapea
                                                                                                                                     q: how does a blonde high-5? a: she smacks herself in the forehead.
                                                              the ibs drug commercial that mentions "urgent diarrhea" implies there's also a laid back, non-urgent form of diarrhea that i've never had.
                                                                                                            "never have i ever" is a party game and fun way to find out who shouldn't be donating blood.
                                                                                                      my girlfriend says she doesn't trust me. at least that's one thing she has in common with my wife.
                                                                                                                 what happened to the little frog who sat on  the telephone? he grew up to be a bellhop!
                                                                             i saw a woman texting and driving today and it really pissed me off... so i rolled down my window and threw my beer at her.
                               a puzzling amount of nonsense... if you're sailing through the desert and your house gets a flat how many flapjack a would it take to put that motherfucker up on stilts?
                                                                                                                why did beyonce sing "to the left, to the left" ? because she knew niggas have no right.
                                                                                                                                          cocaine is never a solution... unless it's dissolved in water.
                                                                                                                                                 how did jared lose 30 pounds? he dumped his girlfriend.
                                                                                                         the wife and i were trying to spice things up in the bedroom... so now i cumin her every thyme.
                                                                                              the bible is a fascinating book it's fascinating how a book with so much sex and violence can be so boring
                                                                                                                  whats the difference between jelly and jam? i can't jelly my dick into your girls ass.
                                                                                                             what did the feminist jedi say to darth tyrannus? "check your force privileges, sith lord!"
                                                                                                                                   sperm whales were created when chuck norris masterbated in the ocean.
                                                                    an eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth. but a tooth is worth half an eye, so an eye for two teeth also works, if you're out of eyes.
                                                                        a nun walks into a grocery store nun: "hi i'd like to buy a cucumber." clerk: "well, why don't you buy two, so you can eat one."
                              this guy walks into a bar with a lizard on his shoulder... and the bartender says, that's a pretty cool lizard, what's his name? the guy says, "tiny, because he's minute"
                                                                                                             what's the first thing you should do when confronted by an evil spirit? try to neghostiate.
         two penguins two penguins went to the bakery and asked for bread. the baker asked: do you want white or brown bread. then te penguins replied: it doesnt matter because we came on our scooter.
                                                                                                       how many star trek captains does it take to screw in a lightbulb? one, but there are four lights!
                                                                                                                                         gas is so cheap right now, i just buy a new car when i run out.
                                                                                                                                    how do you make an epileptic dance? throw a flashbang into the room.
      an ear doctor gets a phone call from a patient and asks him to describe the symptoms. he says, "they're yellow, homer's fat and marge has blue hair". [source](http://m.imgur.com/gallery/3axkvoq)
                                                             humans bury seeds in the earth, while birds cut out the middle man and eat them straight. really makes you think if you're stupid like i am
                                                                                                                    i can see smoke on the horizon. god i hope it's rest of monday burning to the ground
                                                                                                                  my parents are super religious.... at night all i can hear is "oh god! oh god! jesus!"
                                                                                                           if anyone's hungry there's a cottage cheese sandwich in my sink i'm probably not going to eat
                                        my friend's italian mom recently broke her collarbone skiing, and has very limited movement in her left arm. she says the main problem is the speech impediment.
                                                                                                                                                     i don't like rape jokes... they always feel forced.
                                                                                                                    what's the difference between a canadian woman and a moose? 50 pounds and a flannel.
                                                                                                             what do you call a motorcycle gang made up of ancient bisexual norse monarchs? the bikings.
                                                                                                                                                 what colour pants do you need to start a vehicle? khaki
                                                                                                                                what do you call a gender reassigned person who has a baby? transparent.
                                                                                                                                                          if the earth is round why is there no round 2?
                                                                                                      why does a chicken coop have two doors? because if it had four doors, it would be a chicken sedan.
                                                                                                                                                            if you fall, i'll be there. love, the floor.
                                                                                                                             why did the hipster burn his mouth? he drank the coffee before it was cool 
                                                                                                             i shot a black man the other day. now i'm being charged for impersonating a police officer.
                                                                                                                                                 what do you call a latino whos car got nicked? carlos-t
                                                                                                  i just bought a really expensive car, only to find the reverse gear broken. there's no going back now.
                       confessions a man goes to a priest and says : "father i have sinned a lot lately. i hustled some money from a jew". the priest answers :"son that's not a sin, it's a miracle ! "
                                                                                                                                                    [during sex] "hurry up, this isn't really my house."
                                                                                                                                             i'm friends with 25 letters of the alphabet i don't know y.
                                                                                                                        so he says " nice glasses" and i say " thanks! they're for seeing " *slaps knee*
                                                                                                                        please help, my email isn't twerking.. i think there is something cyrusly wrong.
                                                things got heated on my date the other night and i said "hey you wanna do 68?" she says "what's that?" i said "it's when you blow me and i owe you one."
                                                                                       a muslim, a christiana and a jew walk into a bar, the muslim blows up the place before anyone could say anything.
                                                                                                                   divorced barbie. q: what comes with the new divorced barbie doll? a: all ken's stuff.
                                                                                                                                   what's the object of a jewish football game? to get the quarter back!
                                                                                                                my brother, max, asked me to come up with a nickname for him. now we just call him maxx.
                                                                                                                who do people hate and love but is really hot and goes to beach everyday? sun of a beach
                                                                                                                         what's the difference between new jersey girls and trash? trash gets picked up.
                                                                   so a racist pig, a sexist idiot, and a pot-smoking socialist run for president. i am so sorry america. there is no happy ending here.
                                                                                                                            what did the envelope say to the stamp? "stick with me and we'll go places."
                                                                                                                            why did the scarecrow get the job? because he was out standing in his field.
                                                                                                       add a word to ruin a movie: - batman begins college - the longest yard sale - charlottes web cam.
                                                                    the world has gotten so politically correct that i don't know what is appropriate to throw at a crying baby in a restaurant anymore.
                                                                                                                                          roses are red, i have a phone, no one texts me, forever alone.
                                                                                                                                           what do you call a muslim who always makes mistakes? errorist
                                                                                                                               why are pentacostals so good at kissing? they have the gift of tongues...
                                       'how to cope with disappointment' ;-) saw a sign outside of an office building which said "today's workshop 'how to cope with disappointment' has been cancelled"
                                                                                                                                                            what did the dyslexic person worship? santa.
                                                                                                                  some of the best decisions i've ever made involved me clicking cancel instead of send.
                                                                                                                                              i'm trying this new thing where i don't beat off it's hard
                                                                                                                   i didn't go through four years of grad school for this! (i didn't go to grad school.)
                                                      lars asked ole, "do ya know da difference between a norvegian and a canoe?" "no, i don't," said ole. "a canoe will sometimes tip," explained lars.
                                                                                                               you can tell a lot about a woman from her shoes if they're behind her ears, she likes you
                                                               founder of hogwarts: okay, so we all know there are four types of kid. brave, smart, evil and miscellaneous. school board: yes, continue.
                                                                                                        how many germans does it take to change a lightbulb? one. we are efficient and don't have humor.
                                                                                                                                                 last night i dreamt i was a muffler i woke up exhausted
                                                                                                if your partner/spouse tells you they're not reading everything you tweet: a) they're lying b) hi honey!
                                                               me: i want to buy this chicken farmer: ok. gonna take him home and eat him? *imagines self fighting crime with new chicken buddy* me: yes
                                          a doctor reaches into his smock to get a pen to write a prescription and pulls out a rectal thermometer. "oh, damn it," he proclaims, "some asshole has my pen
                                                                                                                   did you hear about the explosion in the cheese factory? there was de-brie everywhere.
                                                                                                                                           my internet connection is just like my ex-girlfriend unstable
                                                                                                      how do you kill lots of anzacs in a small amount of time? by telling them to get out of the trench
                                                                                         does anyone see the irony in popeye eating lots of spinach? cause spinach, actually has tons of iron in it.....
                                                                                                                                                             i fucked a vacuum cleaner once... it sucked
                                                      how many nra members does it take to stop a 6-year-old paraplegic from stealing a candy bar? nobody knows - they usually lose count at 800 rounds.
                                                                                                                               yo momma so nasty... that flesh eating bacteria won't even eat her pussy.
                                                                                                     hard to believe that twitter is six years old. seems like just yesterday that i spoke to my family.
                                                                                                                     why do jihadists only drink instant coffee? because they're cunts. edit: punchline.
                                                                                                                     father: why did you put a toad in your sister's bed? son: i couldn't find a spider.
                                                                                                                                                                       german sausages... are the wurst!
                                                                                                                                              what did the black student get on his sats? barbecue sauce
                                                                                                                  [knock knock] who's there? allah. allah who? #***allahu akbar*** [everything explodes]
                                                                                                                                   what do you call a pizza with just peppers on it? a pepperonly pizza!
                                                                                                              ordered a pumpkin spice latte this morning and now i have bangs and work at anthropologie.
                                                                                                                                        my friend told me a joke about alarms i thought it was a snooze.
                                                                                                                      why do failing college girls always screw their professors? cause they want the d.
                                                                                                                               why couldn't i run the compressed file? i was missing the important bits.
                                                                                                                                                             wanna hear a terrorist joke? israeli good..
                                                                                                                                              why did the trix bunny hand out eggs? chicks are for kids!
                                                                             i'm gonna open a store that sells three things; axe body spray, self-tanning lotion & chloroform & call it the jersey store
          two scientists walk into a bar. the first scientist says "i'll have h2o" the second scientist says "i'll have a water" the first scientist goes back home and rethinks his assassination plan.
                                                                                         did you hear about the paperboy who used to masturbate on the job? no? really? weird, it was all over the news.
                                                             santa: mhm, and i see here that you have the power of flight, which wo- superman w/ antlers tied to his head: look, i really need this job.
                                                                                     a preteen girl cried when i popped her cherry without permission. it was her fault for leaving fruit on the ground!
                                                                                                                                                    what did one druid say to the other? bear with me...
                                                                 me: *gets all four daughters dressed* wife: i want everyone in christmas dresses. me: but- wife: everyone. me: fine. *puts on my dress*
                                          as a child my girlfriend loved train sets most of my adult friends thinks its weird she still plays with them. i think it's perfectly normal for a 6 year old.
                                                                                                                                                    every girl on tumblr smells like chapstick and cats.
                                                                    i was just reading about the volkswagen fiasco recently, and something puzzled me. it's not like germans to get gas emissions wrong.
                                                                            my stats professor told me that the larger the sample size the more trustworthy the data. i guess the n's justify the means.
                                                                                                                 why was freddie mercury a great front-man for queen? he could perform "under pressure".
                                                                                                                                                          knock knock. who's there? to. to who? to whom.
                                                                                              yo mamma is so stupid she thought the fast fourier transform was a way to complete your bachelor's degree.
                                                                                                                                        what did the salad say as it was thrown into jail? "lettuce go!"
                                                                                                                              what does bill say to hillary after sex? honey i'll be home in 20 minutes.
                                                                                                 when i have children i'm gonna make them watch the movie "2012" and tell them i survived that. #awesome
                                                                   i am exceedingly charismatic but i have trouble pronouncing words beginning with 'f' and 'th'..... ...... can't say fairer than that.
                                     how do you know when you're staying in a hillbilly hotel? when you call the front desk and say, "i gotta leak in my sink," and the clerk replies, "okay, go ahead."
                                                                                                   on monday nights, i give my plants the pleasure of a striptease show by watering them with ice cubes.
                                                                                                                 awesome moment when you are telling lie and your best friend notices and joins you . :)
                                                                        my lesbian neighbors gave me a rolex for my birthday. it's nice, but i think they misunderstood me when i said, "i wanna watch."
                                                                                                                                                   what does hodor start off his day with? raisin' bran.
                                                                                                                                         the '80s called: they want you stop anthropomorphizing decades.
                                                                                                                                  how do tectonic plates have fun? they meet up and crack each other up.
                                                                                              there has been a rise in sheeple recently. someone better tell the sheep shaggers to wear some protection.
                                                                                                                     what did the hawaiian terrorists say when they blew up a restaurant? aloha snackbar
                                                                                                i hate when new parents ask who the baby looks like. it was born 15 minutes ago, it looks like a potato.
                                                                                                                                                     here's my complete guide to art of trolling. enjoy!
                                                           wife: "hey sexy, the kids are asleep, i want you to whisper dirty things in my ear." me: "ok, ... the bathroom....the kitchen....your car..."
                                                                                                                  i patented a new bullet that will kill 2 deer at once you get more buck for your bang!
                                                                                                                                                          what porn do saudis get away with? camel toes.
                                                                                                                                  baby, are you a silent movie? because when you talk i don't hear shit.
                                                                                                                               medusa is the sexiest woman to ever live... everyone who saw her got hard
                                                                                                                                      how many mexicans does it take to screw in a light bulb? just one.
                                                                             it's okay when pac man runs all over the place eating pills and claiming ghosts are after him but when i do it i'm "crazy."
                                                                                                                           what do you get when you cross worms with elephants? big holes in your garden
                                                                                                       i was so excited when all my teachers called my work outstanding i haven't even handed it in yet!
                                                                                                                                                  how does lady gaga like her meat? raw raw rawhahaha...
                                                      why do donald trump's hands seem to act erratically and sometimes seem to stop where they are at the worst times? he suffers from low-handwidth...
                              bounty towels have declined making a donald trump towel the company explained that it was impossible to make the towel because donald trump was already too self-absorbed.
                                                                i was really upset when i lost my paper towels i was so upset that they had gone missing that i had to hire a bounty hunter *ba dum tss*
                                                                                                              "what? huh? talk louder. nope, still nothing." -5 minutes after receiving the deaf penalty
                                                                                                                                              selling darwinian birds: 5 for $5 buck finches; get money.
                                                                                                                                        what do you call a fat person who judges hippos? hippo-critical.
                                                                                                                                                  greeks lined up for atm? isn't that kinda their thing?
                                                                                                                                                  quick question: can i breastfeed if i've had implants?
                                                                                                                               what do you call a man with his hand up a horse's ass? an amish mechanic.
                                                                                                                                             what do you call a nun with a drinking problem? a bad habit
                                                                              we have much to learn about the fabric of space-time. but we know you can't make a decent sweater out of it. too scratchy.
                                                                                                                     i could never cheat in a relationship, that requires 2 women to find me attractive.
                                                                                   this hot chick at the harbor said that she really dug the way that i ate those oysters. all i could say was "shucks."
                                                                                                                         i called the rape advice hotline.... .... but they said it was only for victims
                                                                                         q: when ducks fly in a v, why is one side of the v longer than the other? a: there are more ducks on that side.
                                                                                                                         i saw a craigslist ad the other day. it said looking to trade: banana for scale
                                                                                                                                                what language do bugs in the middle east speak? scarabic
                                                                                         hey sports fans, here's my ncaa pick: bet it all on the savannah college of art & design. go fighting acrylics!
                                                                                                                                                                                            what a prank
                                                                                                       a nicer way to tell someone their breath stinks is to say "i'm bored, let's go brush your teeth!"
                                                                                                     a british man asked to his friend, "how many seats are there in the van?" "more than the lib dems."
                                                                                                                first apple: you look down in the dumps. what's eating you? second apple: worms i think.
                                                                                                                                   "are you talking back to me?" "mom, that's how a conversation works."
                                                                                                                                                    i love the snow. some of my best friends are flakes.
                               my doctor says that i'm unstable and that i should get a lobotomy... fuck him, first thing in the morning i'm gonna march right in there and give him a piece of my mind!
                                                                                                                                                            i invented a new word it's called plagiarism
                                                                                                                                   have you seen www.topsecret.com? if i have i'm not going to tell you.
                                                             ambulance is spelled backwards on the front so when you look in your rearview mirror you don't confuse it with the other giant siren cubes.
                                                                                nothing makes me second-guess my language like a little voice chirping, "mommy, i found your freaking measuring spoons."
                                                                                                                                           what do you call the teacher who lost her baby? miss carriage
                                                                                                                                           i never finish anything. i have a black belt in partial arts.
                                                                                                       why colonel had a bunch of underwears ? because, brigadier general asked him to debrief his team.
                                              rene angelil passed away recently, long time manager and husband of celine dion. at the funeral a devastated celine sobbed "it's ok , my heart will go on"
                                                                                                         if your phone gets wet, put it in a bag of rice because maybe an asian will come by and fix it.
                                                                    i learned two important lessons today. i can't remember the first lesson, but the second one is i have to start writing things down.
                                                                                                                                                        what do vegetarians masturbate to? quornography.
                                                                                                                                                  it should be called stay your crazy ass home friday...
                                                                                                                                                                     the buddhist mafia is called karma.
                                                                                                                                       how do you reward a chicken journalist? with a poulette surprise!
                                                                                             interviewer: why do you want this job me: i've just always been very passionate about not starving to death
                                                                                                                                   why are they called hemorrhoids? because asteroids was already taken.
                 missing girl there was a girl named tori who got lost when hiking. a search party was formed, however she was never found. then one day she walks out of the woods, it was a miss tori.
                                                                                                                                                                     who's the dankest pokemon? vaporeon
                                                                                                                                                    what was the rabbi's favorite frozen treat? jew-lato
                                                            how's college supposed to prepare you for the real world? all it does is make you tired and stressed out and anxious and nevermind i get it.
                                                                                   if a murderous killing machine came back from the future.. and calculated all matrices. would he be the determinator?
                back in the day i was attracted to this chick but never had enough guts to ask her out but after witnessing first hand the drama she creates on facebook i am glad i dodged that bullet.
                                                                                                                                                            sports: the legal way to buy a black person.
                                                                                                                              what piece of furniture can you find in a gay frat house? a bromosectional
                                                                          what do you call an invalidation of someone's argument because they cannot differentiate between their and they're? ad homonym
                                                                                                                                            god has cursed me with thoughts that come in 147 characters.
                                                                                                                                  what did 50 cent say when dr. dre gave him a sweater? "gee, you knit?"
                                                 a chinese tiger mom asks her daughter a question about her future: erizabeth, you stirr want to be a doctoh right? her daughter replies: no, actuary...
                                                                                             what does a cow use to solve math problems? a *cow*culater. i made it up myself, so don't groan at the pun.
                politics now a days.... on my college campus people write "feel the bern" everywhere so i decided to give hilary some love and wrote "feel the clit" everywhere! i don't see the problem
                                                                                                                                      what do you call an asian person that is hit by a car? hood orient
                                                                                                                                   why don't the jedi drink vodka? because only the sith deal in absolut
                                                                                                              what do you call a corn cob on a track team? a maize runner. credit goes to my girlfriend.
                                              over the past year, my sexual fetishes have been slowly getting more perverse. but it wasn't until i spanked a statue that i realised i'd hit rock bottom.
                                                                                                                                                          how do the chinese vote? with their erections.
                                                                                                   my first job was working in an orange juice factory, but i got canned because i couldn't concentrate.
                                                                                             pro tip: "hold my drink" is not a proper response to "license and registration, please." ...... apparently.
                                                                            what's the difference between a drug dealer and a homosexual? one's crack is in a junkie and the other's junk is in a crack.
                                                                                                                                                                   what do you call a fat asian? moo-lan
                                                                                                                               after a disappointing summer, humpty dumpty ended up having a great fall.
                                                                                                               i updated my drivers on my laptop and now i have all kinds of pop ups...thanks microsoft!
                                                                                     how many dead prostitutes does it take to screw in a lightbulb? apparently not 8 because my basement is still dark.
                              two chickens were chatting around the coop. "that big rooster next door made a pass at me!" one exclaimed. "really? did you provoke him?" "well, i egged him on a little."
             can i have some orange juice? you: can i have some orange juice? other person: sure go ahead. you: do you have any orange? other person: what? you: i have jews but i dont have any orange.
                                                                                          i bought shoes from my drug dealer today i don't know what he laced them with, but i've been tripping all day.
                                                                           it's confusing for me too, but i don't need your money so you're going to have to be a nice guy if this is going to work out.
                                                                                                                                                if adele were a computer, what would she be? a computer.
                                                                                  every time i fold laundry i contemplate becoming a nudist. then i remember what i look like naked and keep folding....
                                                              how to comfort a homosexuals family if hes in a coma? you can always say "well, look at it this way; he was a fruit, now hes a vegetable!"
                                                              [bar] her: wanna get outta here? *winks* me: hell ya her: whatya thinkin? me: lets go to my place and arm wrestle her: what? me: u scared?
                                                                                                                                                                     one month of nofap here i pun! *cum
                                                                                                                                                       never call a woman fat an elephant never forgets.
                                                                   knock knock. "who's there?" christopher walken. "christopher walken who?" christopher walken and then walk out after his weird cameo.
                                                                                                 somewhere out there is a guy named joe whose greatest achievement is that he was a really sloppy eater.
                                                             me:thank you, he's so hot i don't even know what i want to do first...grandma: (interrupting) okay, can someone else say the prayer please?
                                                                                                                                                                    why are 490 romans funny? because xd
                                                                                             my girlfriend said she liked surprises. but you should have seen her face when i told her i have chlamydia.
                                                                                                                            i'm just a girl, standing in my kitchen, forgetting what i came in here for.
                                                                                             today i had sex with a girl in an apple orchard... and came in cider. source: bo burnham. so goddamn funny.
                                                                                                                                             how do color blind people see porn? in fifty shades of gray
                                                                   a man knocked on my door this morning, asking for a small donation towards the local swimming pool... so i gave him a glass of water.
                                                             my neighbor introduced his wife to me as his better half. i returned the courtesy by introducing my wife to him as the lesser of two evils.
                                                                                                                                     there's no logical reason for shorts to be the same price as pants.
                                                             how to make money on youtube? step 1. submit a false claim step 2. collect that money step 3. ???? step 4. massive profit for doing nothing
                                                                                                                                                      [michael cera knocked backwards by ejecting toast]
                                                                         when i die i want to go quietly, in my sleep, like my grandfather did. not screaming and freaked out, like his passengers were.
                                                                                   after all these years, i can tell my wife still cares for me... whenever she has an orgasm, she calls to let me know.
                                                                                                                                         q: what kind of work does a weak cat do? - a: light mouse work.
                                                                                   see if you can "unscramble" the name of this important american from yesteryear in under 10 min: aabrham lonclin. go!
                                                                                                                      i like to go up to my wife's twin sister and say "i know what you look like naked"
                           two cows are grazing in a field... one turns to the other and asks "have you heard all this talk of mad cow disease?" the other replies "why should i care? i'm a helicopter"
                                                            wife: i told you not to try a 360 with the grocery cart me: it was really nice when everyone started clapping after they saw i was ok though
                                                                                                                                       married sext... him: i'll be home soon her: don't you threaten me
                                                                                                        imagine your whole skeleton slid out your butt. thats your future according to these tarot cards
                                                                                                                     because it ruins the joke. why should you never mix up the title and the punchline?
                                                                                                                                                       just read a book on helium. couldn't put it down.
                                                                                                          my wife finally conceded in an ongoing argument we were having about clocks it was about time.
                                                                   what did the police officer say to the midget complaining that someone picked his pocket? i can't believe someone would stoop so low.
                                                                              a latino shot an unarmed black man today, and everyone is in an uproar especially the police, saying "they took our jobs!"
                                                                                                                       so yellow and green are dating. why does yellow hate red? because red blue green.
                                                                                                                                  a rabbi, an accountant, a banker, and a doctor walk into a bar mitzvah
                                                                                   i tried to force feed my child after a few minutes my wife said "use a fucking spoon you dumbass, you're not a jedi."
                                                                                                                     have you guys heard the joke about the broken pencil? never mind, there's no point.
                                                                                                                              if trump and hillary were stranded on a boat, who would survive?? america.
                                                                                                                                            life is like a bowl of soup you only get blown if you're hot
                                                                                                                                         what do you call santa living at the south pole? a lost clause.
                                                                                                                                me have great grammar... me learnt everything i know from sesame street!
                                                                                                               a wind turbine's friend asks him what music he likes wind turbine: "i'm a big metal fan."
                                                    i never understood why it was popular in aol chatrooms back in the day to ask if others had neurodegenerative diseases.... squishyquake81: "hi, asl"
                                                                                                                                          why did the turtle cross the road? to get to the shell station
                                                               hey, little bird! maybe you wouldn't have to move your head around so much looking for threats if you didn't make so much god damn noise!
                                                                                                                               what hairstyle does christopher nolan get at the barber? a director's cut
                                                                    a fight or flight situation. like when you go to pick up your kid and the teacher's walking towards you with "the look" on her face.
                                                                                                                why did the dentist divorce the manicurist? she tried to stick her finger in his cavity.
                                                                                      volunteer me to do something without checking with me first so i know whose mailbox to leave the dead squirrel in.
                                                                                                                                                     my wife and i were happy for 20 years. then we met!
                                                                                                                                            how weird was the first robber to wear pantyhose on his face
                                                                                                                   there are three types of people in the world those who can count and those who can't!
                                                                                                                                           why do blondes like blonde jokes? it makes them feel popular.
                                                                                                    what do you call a blind buck? no idear. what do you call a blind buck with no legs? still no idear.
                                                                                                                                   why can't an angle lease an apartment alone? because he has to cosign
                                                                                                                                   oh god. yes. this is so good. i love it so much i'm having a sarcasm.
                                                             internet explorer: so about last night me: oh, i used you for flash. ie: are we back together, am i your default? me: don't make this weird
                                                                                                                                                   what's easier to pick up the heavier it gets? a woman
                                                                                                  man spills highly valuable can of concentrated oxygen "it was an oxidant!", he was heard to say later.
                                                                                        did you hear about the flaccid, chinese penis that ran for presidency? he didn't stand a chance in the erection.
                                                                                                                                                   i have a job for you planting tulips.... on dis dick!
                                                                                                                                you shouldn't be friends with a fence, because... ...they hold you back.
                                                                                                                                     how do emo kids reward themselves? gold scars. i'll see myself out.
                                                                                   [leaving a birthday party with my pinata friend] i swear i didn't know they were going to do that "just take me home"
                                                                                                my wife's star sign was cancer and it's actually quite ironic how she died.. she was attacked by a crab.
                                                                                                                           whats the difference between jam and jelly? cant jelly my dick in your ass...
                                                                                                                            the hardest part about online dating... finding someone who clicks with you.
                                                                                                        what was the weather forcast in poland on the day before the german invasion? 86% chance of heil
                                                                                                                         a roasted peanut is a regular peanut that was made fun of by celebrity peanuts.
                                                                                   i just found out cock fighting is done with roosters and now it feels like this 6 months of training has been wasted.
                                                                                                                do zombies eat donuts with their fingers? no, they usually eat their fingers separately.
                                                                                                           awfully bold of you to fly the good year blimp on a year that has been extremely bad thus far
                                                                                                         makes sense that the ceo of apple came out as gay. he kept resisting my technological advances.
                                                                                                                                                      what kind of cheese do rich people eat? guccheese.
                                                                                                                                      the pope walks into a mosque. the imam says "why the wrong faith?"
                                                                                                                           what do you call a blond skeleton in the closet? the winner of hide and seek.
                                                                                                   for easter i'm going to smuggle drugs into prison with my anus. i'm calling myself the keister bunny!
                                                                                                                                   on mondays i like to reply to all my bosses emails with 'unsubscribe'
                                                                                                                                                                iama former backpage massage girl - ama!
                                                                                                                                    what did the bull-fighter say to the upset door? what's the matador?
                                                                                 me: do you like the new ceiling fan? her: yeah, but the fan light is really dull. fan light: ok wow like i'm right here
                                                                                                                          donald trump's vice president... ...charlie sheen, cause they will be winning!
                                                                                                  q: a word that defines "a quick, clever reply to an insult or criticism." sorry, this was "a riposte".
                                                                                                                            why isn't hitler invited to the barbecue? because he always burns the franks
                                                                                                                                               what does a gorilla learn first in school? the apey-cees!
                             the owl knows how many licks it takes to get to the center of a toostie-roll-pop. chuck norris knows how many licks it takes to get to the center of a 5,000 pound boulder.
                                                a spanish magician announced that for his final trick, he would vanish into thin air. he counted down: uno, dos, then poof! he was gone, without a tres.
                                                                     my teacher was pointing a ruler at me an said, "there's an idiot at the end of this ruler!" i got detention after asking which end.
                                                             what the? why are all the prices $4.20? and where are all the potato chips? *walmart rollback guy is passed out in a box of clearance dvds*
                                                                                                                                                     what do you call a hot girl with no legs? disabled.
                                                                                                                                                                        my life the biggest joke of all.
                                                                                                                                         friends are like snowflakes if you pee on them, they disappear.
                                                                           if you cut me off in traffic you better be ready to look in your rearview mirror and see me yelling something you can't hear.
                                                                 [sees a zebra for the first time] what's up with that horse? [sees a giraffe for the first time] okay, what the hell is going on today?
                                                                                                                                                     monday is an awful way to spend 1/7th of your life.
                                                                                                                                                              whats brown and rhymes with snoop? dr. dre
                                                                                      how many bass players does it take to change a light bulb? none. they have to get the guitarist to do it for them.
                                                                         when you're feeling bored and unsatisfied with life, just remember... that there are some people who think golf is interesting.
                                                                                                                                        me: this is a beautiful flower arrangement host: that's a salad.
                                                                                                                                donald trump was just issued a notice by the irs ordering him toupee up.
                                        astronomers have used liquid water as an indicator for planet habitability... ...they might also need to add whether the planet has a trump elected as president
                                                                                                                      what man can make three meals and snacks out of one fish all day? i call bullshit!
                                                             a horse covered in floaties gallops happily toward a swimmin pool. he sees a sign "no horseplay" he lowers his head "ok" & sadly trots away
                                                                                                                                           so, we tip the pizza delivery guy, but not ambulance drivers.
                                                                                                                                                                    you guys wanna hear a joke? my life.
                                                                                                keyboard humor. finds a esc key from a keyboard on the floor, make the shity pun; "the esc key escaped."
                                                                                                                 what did the lipstick and the eye-shadow do after they got into a fight? had makeup sex
                                                                                                             what's the difference between saying sorry and apologizing? you can say sorry at a funeral.
                                                                                                                              what do you call a dead chicken that's haunting your house? a poultrygeist
              just in time for christmas. rudolph the red-nosed reindeer: teaching people that it is okay to make people outcasts for being different until that difference benefits someone since 1939.
                                                                                                                                          never be racist towards native americans. they will sioux you.
                                                                                                    did you hear about the cannibal who showed up late to the luncheon? they gave him the cold shoulder.
                                                                                                                                      what do you call a recently created sub-atomic particle? new-tron.
                                                                                 i never believed that my dad was stealing from his job as a roadworker but when i got home all of the signs were there.
                                                                                                                             children in the dark cause accidents. accidents in the dark cause children.
                                                                                                                                                                     things i hate 1. lists 2. hypocrisy
                                                                                                                                                how many ______ does it take to _____ a ______ ? and go.
                                                                                                                                           how many mexicans does it take to... ...oh shit, they're done
                                                                                                                       two moles are going down a tunnel. the one behind says: i think i smell molasses.
                                                                                                      i was licking this girl all over her face right up until she explained to me what doggy style was.
                                                                                                                                           how do you keep an idiot in suspense? i'll tell you tomorrow.
                                                                                                                  i hope this blue uniform and walkie talkie doesn't make me look fat - insecurity guard
                                                                                                             my wife left me because i kept touching pasta inappropriately... now i'm feeling cannelloni
                                                                                                                   [bar] her: i want to have sex so badly me: [trying to impress her] i am so bad at sex
                                                                                                       a farmer in (x-town) who rolled over a cart of horse manure... is reported in "stable condition."
                                                                                    give a man a match, and he'll be warm for a minute, but set him on fire, and he'll be warm for the rest of his life.
                                                             pretty jealous of bears. they're like, "well, just ate my entire weight in salmon, now i'm gonna sleep for 6 months. smell ya later, hater"
                                                                                                                                 i like my men how i like my cheesecake, rich and straight to my behind.
                                                                                                            i tried donating to the itty-bitty titty committee... but they don't really need the support
                                                                                                            why do seagulls only fly over the sea? if they flew over the bay, they'd be called baygulls.
                     a smoke detector is a sophisticated device designed to inform you that your smoke alarm is working. but seriously keep your batteries in it people. if you don't you'll die, maybe.
                                                                                       forget waterboarding... i'm ready to tell this damn popcorn kernel stuck in my tooth everything it wants to know.
                                                                                                    q: what are the blonde's first words after 4  years of college? a: "would you like fries with that?"
                                                                                                sick lemon and sick bird what do you give a sick bird? tweetment what do you give a sick lemon? lemonade
                                                              whats that detective, the serial killer is in the mall? i'll hack into their security cameras real fast [types "job openings" into google]
                                                                         there are two types of people in this world: those that sing in the shower, and those that wank off. ...what song do they sing?
                                                                     remember, you are faster and trickier than they are. - me, to myself, when i'm fighting a kid at the playground for the last swing.
                                                                                                                                                 what's the worst way to lose your job? by firing squad.
                                                                  famous minds galileo:great mind einstein:genius mind newton:extraordinary mind bill gates:brilliant mind sir george w.bush: never mind
                                                                                                                                                                                 where does the time go?
                                                                                                                                                    ever had sex while camping? it's fucking in tents...
                                                                                                                  what is the safest place in the galaxy? in the direct line of fire of a storm trooper.
                                                                                                                                                          what does a selfish cow say? "meeeeeeeeeeeeee"
                                                                                         one day in the kwik-e-mart a customer asked "could you give me two bags, apu?" but apu couldn't give two shits.
                                                               "smoking breaks" at work should be deducted from annually leave. we all have addictions, you don't see me leave a meeting to fry plantain
                                                                                                                                                 how do you beat someone in an argument? use your fists.
                                                                                                                                          how do you move a 2000 lb dinosaur? don't know?? use dino-mite
                                                            her: you almost ready to go to my mothers? me: *looking out window wondering if the jump will only break a leg & not kill me* be right down.
                                                                 my girlfriend told me to take the spider out instead of killing it. we went and had some drinks. cool guy. wants to be a web developer.
                                                                                                                                    how do you get down off a horse? you don't, you get down off a duck.
                                                                                                   how many alzheimer's patients does it take to screw in a light bulb? ........to get to the other side
                                                                                                                                              what is a duck's favorite tv show ? the feather forecast !
                                                                       i found a stray cat today. sadly, my dad is allergic to them so i had to put him down. at least i still have the cat for comfort.
                                                                                                                  i was bitten by a radioactive vegan, and now i have the power to bore people to death.
                                                                                                                                                 why are black people so tall? because their knee grows.
                                                                                                                                                        what is beethoven doing these days? decomposing.
                                                                                                                                                i take all of my relationship advice from animal planet.
                                                                                                                                             i'm emotionally constipated. i haven't given a shit in days
                                                                                                                   how do you get a texas tech senior's eyes to sparkle? shine a flashlight in his ears.
                                                                   i printed out this website's logo and then i realised i didn't need it. should i throw out the piece of paper or should i... shreddit
                             the united states russia argentina and germany walk into a bar...... germany turns to argentina and says "hey wanna go into the country with me" hahahahhahahahahah get it?
                                                                                                                 just had a food baby, but i'm not ready for that type of responsibility so i flushed it
                                                            grad school is my excuse for everything. no text back? grad school. havent called in weeks? grad school. i ate your last donut? grad school!
                                                                                                                                                             what do you call a black priest? holy shit.
                                                                         ughh...7 more hours till i can go home. oh, sorry, my canadian friends...7 more kilometers till i can go home. or is it liters?
                                                                                                                                                           nostalgia it really isn't what it used to be.
                                                                                                so true... q: why do women have boobs? a: so you have something to look at while you're talking to them!
                                                                                                                           my brakes failed the other day and i got a crash course on newton's first law
                                                                                                                                 what do you say when you see a nazi trip and fall? "are you alt-right?"
                                                                                            what's the difference between oscar the grouch and a grouch at the oscars? ones green and the other is black
                                                                                                 if i get a rat tail... if i get a rat tail on my chinese food, should i complain or is it on the house?
                                                               person: i'm exhausted! me: me too! what'd you do? person: ran a half-marathon and helped my pal move. you? me: i talked to like 4 people.
                                                                                                                       [nsfw] ok, /r/jokes, this has gone too far. please, no more vagina jokes. period!
                                                                                                                 there's a great deal of tainted money in the world... it taint yours and it taint mine!
                                                                                                                   did you hear about the black boy with with diarrhea? everyone thought he was melting.
                                                                                                                                      what is a physicist's favorite social movement? half-lives matter.
                                                                                                                                               i like my women like i like my burritos stuffed with beef
                                                                                                "raiders" are changing their name to "tampons" they're only good for one period and only have one string
                                                                                                                             if women ruled the world do you think missiles would be shaped differently?
                                                                                        oh, you lost your phone and it's on silent? that's too bad. if you liked it then you should've put a ring on it.
                                                                                                 what did the japan team say after the first half of the women's world cup? "i, 4-1, know we won't win."
                                    donald trump has announced that he plans to extend his wall across the oceans... this news came after he discovered that a man named jesus managed to walk on water.
                                                                                                               what's the difference between a trump and an athlete? athletes know when to stop running.
                                                    teacher: in this class you should love logarithms. student: what if they don't reciprocate? sorry for the bad math joke... but it was just too good.
                                                                               what do you call a gay doctor who went to college in france, married an irishwoman and practiced medicine in italy? a fag
                                                                                                                     helen keller was blind and deaf. she would still lip sync better than mariah carey.
                                                                                                                                           i can turn a case of beer into a drunk man. your move, jesus.
                                                                                                           deodorant? i've never needed to buy any. people just give it me. complete strangers sometimes
                                                                                                                                              what did the tree say to the math teacher? gee i'm a tree!
                                                                                                                                "i've got toes in different area codes." - ludacris steps on a land mine
                                                                                                                                              gave my german friend a hit of my joint... he said, danke.
                                                                                                               adopt a highway "when do you think it is a safe age to tell a highway it's been adopted?"
                                                                                                                                                                i hate finals week. everyone gets testy.
                                                     how many homosexuals does it take to screw in a lightbulb? three. one to bend over, one to screw in the bulb, and one to drive the gay pride float!
                                                                                                                                                           what's grey and bad for your teeth? a hammer.
                                                   so there's this cute girl from work and i'm too shy to talk to her but then i realized, all i needed to do to talk to her was to remove the duct tape
                                i sent an adele album to a guy who bought it on ebay, anyway his payment cancelled and i'm out of pocket .... should i just give up or should i keep on chasing payments
                                                                                                                   reddit is so dark right now..... that it went to night school and got counted absent.
                                                                                                                                                 my girlfriend doesn't believe in abstinence. thank god.
                                                                    if abraham lincoln were alive today he'd probably run a really good blog about top hats and play bass in a grateful dead cover band.
                                                                                                                        why do hockey players wear so many pads? because they have 3 periods every game!
                                                                why do chinese tourists get disappointed when they visit america? because when they buy souvenirs they find out they were made in china.
                                                                                                                                    i have a job helping a one armed man type capitals. it's shift work.
                                                                                                                                                              my czech mate is surprisingly bad at chess
                                                                                                           what did one gay sperm say to the other? "how am i supposed to find an egg in all this shit?"
                                                                                                                                don't believe people who say they are constipated. they're full of shit.
                                                                                                                               and the best mcdonald's employee of the month goes to mad max: fury road.
                                                                                                            so, the mad scientist duo finally succeeded and the universe was destroyed by a pair o' docs
                                                                                                                                            what's brown and sticky? chris brown after each prison stay.
                                                                                                                                         what do you call a politician in a house fire? burning sanders!
                                                                                                                               i know what i am going to name my first yacht z. i can't wait to be a dad
                                                                                                                                                           2 peanuts walk into a bar... one was a salted
                                                                                                        did you hear about the galvanic cell that went to court? he was charged with a salt and battery.
                                                                                                    did you hear about the mexican painter who lost two fingers? after the incident, he could only tres.
                                                                                                                  girls only date me to further their careers... damn archeologists and paleontologists!
                                                                                                                               how do you make a dead baby float? nail a piece of styrofoam to its head.
                                                                                                                                     what's the difference between a snowman and a snowwoman? snowballs.
                                                                my wife came in and caught me watching something x rated material... "someone's set the channel numbers to roman numerals!" i exclaimed.
                                                                                                                                                       how to discipline your rock *you hit rock bottom*
                                                                                                             actually, there are but two types of people those who can extrapolate from limited data ...
                                                                                                                                                   what do you call a snake's mother? a boa constructor.
                                                                                                                        happy ramadan to all my muslim brothers and sisters! this month, lunch is on me.
                                                             i went to a space museum, because they where having a prize drawing for a car. i didn't win the car but they gave me a constellation prize.
                                                                                    have you heard about the indian that set the track for native american's to vote? he was the little injun that could
                                                                                                                                   why did the spy cross the road? 'cause he wasn't really on your side.
                                          a mexican magician announced... "for my next trick, i will count to ten and vanish into thin air." he began "uno....dos.." then he disappeared without a tres.
                                                                                           how do you find a blind man in a nudist colony? it's not hard. edit 1: why was my title and username changed?
                                                                why are men better cooks than women? because with a sausage, a couple of eggs, and some cream, a man can keep a woman full for 9 months.
                                                                                                                                       for the next two days you can call me edward... i'll be snowed in
                                                                                                            i asked this girl in my class for a rubber... forgot that in the u.s. they call it an eraser
                                                                                          i was completely shocked today when my doctor told me i was colour blind.. it came completely out of the green
                                                                                                                                           what colour is eight? purple (according to my 3 year old son)
                                                                                                                                how do they pick kids for the make-a-wish foundation? natural selection.
                                                                                                                                                                    where does sans live? sans francisco
                                                                                               when i die i'm going to go to heaven and god is going to be like nope, remember what you said on facebook
                                                     a mexican singer has removed some of her ribs so she can look more like shakira. i'm going to remove my cock so i can look more like justin bieber.
                                                                                                            why fist fights break out at nasa? sometimes an argument of perihelion will get out of hand.
                                                                                                                                           what's the opposite to christopher reeve? christopher walken!
                                                                                                                                     that's the problem with exhibitionists. they're fucking everywhere.
                                                                       the problem with seducing someone via text, is you sometimes end up wrapping your warm moth, or mother around his troubling clock
                                                                                            my parties got a hundred times better when i realized if i didn't invite anybody i could eat all the snacks.
                                                                                                                    geek booty call... charisma looks like somebody rolled a 20 on their charisma check!
                                                                                                         [star wars episode vii scene] princess leia: i love you han. han solo: *favs but doesn't reply*
                                                                          there are only 10 types of people in this world... (probable repost) the ones who understand binary code and he ones who don't
                                                                                                                              i don't have shower thoughts. they're against my religion. i'm a bathtist.
                                                                                                                             what do you get when you cross a tiger with a cabbage? man-eating coleslaw.
                                         most fascinating part of the body i used to think the brain was the most fascinating part of the body but then i realized "pssssh, look what's telling me that"
                                                                                                                                   what works in a circus walks a tightrope and has claws ? an acrocat !
                                                                                                                                      murderman v. another murderman: dawn of murdering #batmanvsuperman
                                                                                                         [pick-up line] your like perfect ionizing energy to my electrons ... you really make me excited
                                                                                given their destructive force to homes, kids' birthday parties should get names like hurricanes do. birthday party hugo.
                                                                                          there's only two kinds of people in this world: people who know how to use conjunctions, but people who don't.
                                                                                                                         my wife tried to make antimatter in the kitchen but she ran out of counterspace
                                                                                                                                                  you aren't supposed to strip during zumba. apparently.
                                                                           she texted me, "your adorable." i replied, "no, you're adorable." now she's stalking me and all i did was point out her typo.
                                                                                                                                                          my drug dealer is hilarious... he cracks me up
                                                                                                          [speed dating] her: i really want to have a child some day. what about you? me: define "child"
                                                                                                          la has come up with a safe space, for people that voted for trump and they're calling it texas
                                                                                                  i accidentally took an extra step when i reached the top of the stairs and now i'm in a marching band.
                                                            there's a strange new trend in my office... people have started naming food in the office fridge today i ate a turkey sandwich called kevin.
                                                                                                                                                    why did the hot dog vendor cry? he burned his wiener
                                                                              what is similar between spain, ireland, and the united states? their economies falter after a popping of a housing bubble.
                                                                                                                                                    i like my women like i like my coffee without a dick
                                                                                                 [at a funeral] *approaches the weeping widow and embraces her* *whispers* "so you're single now, right?
                                                                  flung my bra across the room and it sailed right into the drawer, if any of you are looking to start a basketball team that uses bras.
                                                                                                                      hr: you're late. do you even know what time it is? thor: hammer time? hr: get out.
                                                                                                         actually saw two young people talking today. parents must have grounded them from their phones.
                                                                                                                           i just saved a bunch of money by not paying any bills cuz i don't have a job.
                                                                                 free horoscope: you look terrible today. avoid stuff and people. don't buy a kindle. also, brush your teeth more often.
                                                                 whenever becky says anything in the breakroom, i just say, "well, that got racist pretty fast" and walk out. i hate you so much, becky.
                                                                                                 hey, reddit! here's one about cats: why did the mother cat move her kittens? she didn't want to litter.
                                                                                "fruit or vegetable?" *pic of apple* fruit. *pic of carrot* vegetable *pic of ryan seacrest on life support* oh geez idk
                                                                     pete and repeat were in a boat. pete fell out, who was left? (really?) pete and repeat were in a boat. pete fell out, who was left?
                                                                             why is sleeping with a weatherman always disappointing? because he always promises 10-12 inches, but you only ever get 2-3.
                                                                                                                               is there anything better than being fit and healthy? yes. pizza and beer.
                                              all this 'frozen' merchandise is just getting ridiculous. i was at the supermarket earlier and they've now got a whole bloody aisle just for frozen stuff.
                                                                                                                                       why did the toilet paper roll down the hill? to get to the bottom
                                                                                                                                                      i don't like road head i always have whiskey dick.
                                                                                                                     shoepidity... wearing ridiculously uncomfortable shoes just because they look good.
                                                                                                              "down" "penetration" "tight end" "ball handling" don't the networks have censors any more?
                           what's the difference between the red hot chili peppers and harriet tubman?! harriet tubman was a heroine to the slaves, but the red hot chili peppers were slaves to heroin.
                                                                                                   haiku to the cheating girlfriend a haiku is five, then seven then five again, but who cares you whore
                                                             [in hell] me: *sneeze* the devil: bless you me, waving as i float to heaven: haha, fool the devil: damn you me, floating back to hell: dang
                                                                         i have a tenuous grasp on the english language. shakespeare? that dude's grasp on the english language was, like... twelveuous.
                                                                                                                                                          did you know that will smith is a black smith?
                                                                                                               i bet college professors never get tired of watching freshmen get fat. i know i wouldn't.
                                                                                                                                        breaking news....explosion at cheese factory de-brie everywhere!
                                                                                                                              if it wasn't for my incredible willpower, i would be exercising right now.
                                                                                                           the cops said 911 was for emegencies only and not for me to report suspicious looking clouds.
                                                                                                                                    my brother's pretty good at russian roulette... he's only lost once.
                                                              came downstairs to watch the game and the channel had changed. looked at the dog, he looked back, then slowly slid his paw off the remote.
                                                                                                                                          so i was talking to this dolphin the other day. it was so gnar
                                                                                                                                      nothing rhymes with trump wait. i meant nothing rhymes with orange
                    a neutron walks into a bar and orders a drink... when the neutron gets his drink, he asks, "bartender, how much do i owe you?" the bartender replies, "for you, neutron, no charge."
                                                     oprah and airport security q: did you hear why rosie o'donnell got arrested? a: airport security lifted up her dress and found 200 pounds of crack.
                                                                                                                               why do people prefer shooting stars to vegetables? because they're meteor
                                                                                                    i have a difficult time living in buildings near many neighbors i think i have an apartment complex.
                                                                                                                                      want to hear a dirty joke? this boy trips and falls into some mud.
                                                                              what's the worst part about breaking up with a japanese girl? you have to drop the bomb twice before she gets the message.
                                                                                                                  i really hope my family doesn't give me a urinal cake again for my birthday this year.
                                                                                                                                      team work is important; it helps to put the blame on someone else.
                                     ahhhhh a man was taking a crap and the water splashed his butt and he yelled ahhh toilet monster and ran out in the middle of the road butt naked and got run over.
                                                                                                                                              what do you call a horse wearing venetian blinds? a zebra!
                                                                                             my girlfriend hates when i correct her grammar. she's like "what's with all the red pen marks in my diary?"
                                                                                                                                                   what does a witch take when she can't poop? hexlax^tm
                                                                              just got a job as a software engineer for the government! my career as a professional shit poster is really gonna take off
                                                                                                i was so happy it only took me seven days to complete this puzzle! the box said it would take 2-4 years.
                                                            i'm so sick and tired of my friends who can't handle their alcohol. the other night they dropped me three time while carrying me to the car.
                                                                                                                                 red fern q: where does the red fern grow? a: in lindsey lohan's crotch!
                                                                                                           i really don't understand why people tell 9/11 jokes. what happened on the ninth of november?
                                                                                                               if jessica simpson doesn't name one of her kids "homer", then seriously what's the point?
                                                                                                      when i was young, losing teeth would earn me money. now i'm old, earning money will gain me teeth.
                                                                                   what is the most prudent thing to do when someone is having an epileptic seizure in a hot tub? throw in your laundry.
                                                                                                                                                   what did the the dad say to the feminist? hugh mungus
                                                                                        her: you promised me you were over your bruce willis obsession. me: sorry. old habits die hard with a vengeance.
                                                                                                                               if i had a dollar everytime i saw a hipster... i'd have an obscure amount
                                                                             did you hear about the lego truck that crashed on the highway? authorities are still trying to piece everything together...
                                                                                                                                    did you hear about trump's import tax assessment? it's tariff-eyeing
                                                                                                                                         i'm a paranoid narcissist... i'm afraid no one's out to get me!
                                                                                                                                                              what kind of fun does a priest have? none.
                                                                                                                              monopoly i think it's wrong that only one company makes the game monopoly.
                                                                 looking at a playground, how can you tell which kid is the child of a trombonist? he doesn't know how to use the slide and can't swing.
                                                                                                                                                   what do you call money that grows on trees? marijuana
                                                                                                                                        did you hear about that new film on the b-17 aircraft? it bombed
                                                                                                                                                     i have been playing dota2 all day... my whole dagon
                                                                                                                                              what do you call an old man selling plums? an entrepruner.
                                                         why is the story of jesus the longest porn in history? because 2000 years after he rose again, everyone is still waiting for the second coming.
                                                                                                                                               knock knock who's there ! bach ! bach who ? bach to work!
                                                                                             what is the media of choice for the mallard? **duck tape!!!** lololololololol-- *cough cough* --lololololol
                                      what does the pink panther say when he steps on an ant? dead ant, dead ant, dead ant dead ant dead ant dead ant dead annnnnntttttttt courtesy of my little cousin.
                                                                                                                                                       what can santa give away and still keep?  a cold.
                                                                                                                                             a horse walks into a bar... bartender: why the long face???
                                                  i read that 30% of the internet is pornography and that really makes me disappointed in humanity... ...70% of the internet is being completely wasted.
                                                                                                                                   what do you call an asian guy with a great work ethic? task oriental.
                                                                                                                                 nowadays people know the price of everything, but the value of nothing.
           what's the difference between a kinky guy and a pervert? "the kinky guy uses the feather but the pervert uses the whole chicken" as told to me by the old guy who sat next to me on the plane
                                                                                                                          q: what do you call blonde twins doing bubble gum commercials? a: double-dumb.
                                                                                                      superb waiter our waiter went above and beyond his job description. he brought a lot to the table.
                                                      a black man walks into a restaurant the waiter says: we dont serve black people here! the black man responds: thats okay, i don't eat them anyway.
                                                                                                                                                 i don't understand bow ties. what, is your neck a gift?
                                                                                                                           the butcher's wife always messes up everyone's order. we call her miss steak.
                                                                                                         justice scalia dead following 30-year battle with social progress onion edit: removed hyperlink
                                                                                                                 say "raise up lights" out loud. you just said "razor blades" with an australian accent.
                                                                                                           a polish man invented the toilet seat a few days later, a german decided to cut a hole in it.
                                                                                 *a demon tries to posses my soul while i sleep but can't because he's choking on all of the axe body spray i'm wearing*
                                                                                                          what's the difference between hillary clinton and an onion? i'd cry if i cut an onion in half.
                                                  q: what famouse arkansas state supreme court  decision is hilary clinton famous for? a: if you divorce your wife in arkansas is she still your cousin?
                                                                                                                                     what do you call rowan atkinson watching monty python? a jellybean.
                                                                                                                                                     why did the dog lose the lawsuit? it was a shih-tzu
                                                             he's an owl with an attitude. she's a hawk who will take him to church. this fall, sundays become fundays on abc's new hit 'birds of pray'!
                                                                                               my doctor told me i should do something about my athlete's foot. but that's what makes me such a fun guy.
                                                                                 the look on my husbands face while watching a victoria's secret commercial tells me exactly where all my catalogs went.
                                                                                                                             what's black and married to my daughter? nothing because i'm a good parent.
                                                                                                                                                                     what is brown and runny? usain bolt
                                                                                                                 warning: never play poker with tarot cards... i got a full house once and 4 people died
                                                                                                                                          why did the blind guy have a burnt face? he answered the iron.
                                                    i'm a pretty neutral guy. i find it hard to choose sides. i mean, i have an uncle who drives a truck for pepsi and a cousin who sucks dick for coke.
                                                                                                                                            i named my dick "the truth" because bitches can't handle it.
                                                                                   oh yeah? well if i'm so gay like you say, then why do i have to think about my wife when i have sex with dudes, hmmm?
                                                                                                      why is it important to have plenty of help when changing a light bulb? many hands make light work.
                                                                                                         what's the difference between my bike and your mom? your dad doesn't watch when i ride my bike.
                                                                                                              i'm okay with "lol", i'm cool with "omg", i even tolerate "rofl", but "smh" needs to gtfo.
                                                                                                                                                                    clickbait... ... it works everytime!
                                                                                          my mate lent me 5000 to produce my idea of a fruit-based torch, then took all credit. cunt stole my limelight.
                                                                                                                                kim kardashian's baby will be the whitest person to ever see her vagina.
                                                             listening to a global economy futurist. pretty sure in 20 years chinese parents will say "clean your plate, people in the us are starving."
                                                so i heard they're demolishing hitlers house anne frankly, i'm surprised they didn't do it already. i hope they step on the gas and burn the place down.
                                                                                it was reported that listening to the band queen links to giving you autism... it's because of the high mercury content.
                                                                                                                                        yo mama so fat she sat on a tractor and made it a pick-up truck.
                                                                                                    what do you tell someone who feels that life has shorted them from a purpose or calling? you belong.
                                                                                                                                       what kind of pants do the mario brothers wear? denim denim denim.
                                                                                                                                       why did the baker have smelly hands? ...because he kneaded a poo.
                                                                                                                             your pants are so tight... ...you can't even get a leg up on the situation!
                                                                                                                        did you hear the rumor about the new save system for the ff7 remake? cloud saves
                                                                                    remember when we were younger and we all thought 'bob' was a really common name but how many bobs do u actually know
                                                            satan: i will tempt you into leaving the desert jesus: oh yeah i can't wait to get back to the place where everyone hates me and has leprosy
                                                              my friend wanted to feel like a princess on her wedding day so we made her marry a man she never met in order to secure a french alliance.
                                                                                                                                                    what time of day is it in france right now? mourning
                                                                 i finally watched bokeback mountain... i learned that when two cowboys go up into the mountains, the sheep have nothing to worry about!
                                                                                             why don't the beastie boys juggle vegetables anymore? because they kept making the beets... mmmmmm droppppp
                                                                                                                                                 if crime doesn't pay... ... than you're doing it wrong.
                                                                                                            luke tried to open a pull door by pushing... he had an extremely confused "luke" on his face
                                                                                        how about a superhero whose power is taking care of his kids *high-fives maury audience while batman storms off*
                                                                                                                                             what do you get if you walk under a cow? a pat on the head.
                                                                                                                                                                what did the coma patient win? a-trophy.
                          what's the difference between a microwave and anal? a microwave doesn't brown your meat. courtesy of chuck palahnuik at his reading for 'beautiful you' in phoenix last night.
                                                                          you know how after you get off a boat, your body still feels like it's on the boat for a while after? i'm like that with beds.
                                                                                                                    what a few black wolves and a classic musician have in common? the two are wolfgang.
                                                                                                     why is my girlfriend like a deep fat fryer? they're both dangerously hot and belong in the kitchen.
                                                                                                                           "sir, do you have any dietary restrictions?" *unbuttons pants* "not anymore!"
                                                                                                                                        i'm also not racist/ i think everyone should own a black person.
                                                                                                             yo mama's like a brick..... dirty, flat on both sides, and always getting laid by mexicans.
                                                                                       what does toilet paper and the star trek enterprise have in common? they both circle uranus looking for klingons.
                                                                                                                           why did the chicken cross the road? to get to the other side! sorry if repost
                                                                                                   i walked in on my parents having sex last night... possibly the most awkward 45 minutes of my life...
                                                                                                    wrestling is stupid! bro, wrestling is stupid. why bro? men with no pants fighting for a belt.. wtf?
                                                                                                                                                        what spice do you find in hell? sinammon (sorry)
                                                                                                                             in hidden valley, childhood obesity is covered up in creamy ranch dressing.
                                                                                           what subject did dracula major in during college? accounting this joke must be on a popsicle stick somewhere.
                                                                      i saw a girl texting and driving earlier today and it really pissed me off... so i rolled my window down and threw my beer at her.
                                                                                                        what would you call the easter egg roll if bernie sanders became president? weekend at bernie's.
                                          my wife found out i was cheating... ... after she found the letters i was hiding. she got real mad and said that she'd never play scrabble with me ever again.
                                                                                                                                  what do you call a con-artist who minored in psychology? sigmund fraud
                                                                                        it's not sex until you walk away with a nose bleed, and the eye of the tiger song is still playing in your head.
                                                                                                                              how did san diego get its name? someone dropped their waffle on the beach.
                                                                                                          a dyslexis boss fired a man today. the court said it was first degree homicide. (fired  fried)
                                                                                                                                               i'm sorry i snort-laughed when you were saying your vows.
                                                                                                                                                       whats long, hard, and full of semen? a submarine.
                                                                                                           "hey, we're best friends! this is the most fun ever! lets take some pictures!" - drunk people
                                                                                                                                 what does a christian terrorist say before blowing up? jesus hallelujah
                                                                                      i think the san francisco 49ers should embrace their region's history and name their cheerleaders the gold diggers
                                                              [shipwreck diary] day 32: a plane flew over last night but i fired the only flare on day 5 to celebrate my first solid shit in over a week
                                                              surgeon: i'll be taking out your appendix today me: [stomach rumbles] surgeon: [puts stethoscope to my tummy] appendix: i have a boyfriend
                                                                                                                                         you can call me a narcissist... just make sure you say my name.
                                                                                                                                        was watching family feud, i don't think the announcer was n'sync
                                  a man's wife says that she wants something that goes from 0-180 in under 10 seconds.. the man leaves for a moment and then returns with the scale from their bathroom.
                    if bruce jenner is a woman then eminem is black. since when does having boobs make you a woman? if that was the case all women that lost their boobs to breast cancer are now dudes.
                                                                                                              i thought i was just really tired but it's been 5 years so i guess this is how i look now.
                                                                                                                         my priest's been buying tonnes of kittens lately... i think he's a cat-a-holic.
                                                                                                                                 what has 3 tails 4 trunks and 6 feet ? an elephant with spare parts !el
                                                                                                     if you want someone to listen to you, start the conversation with "i shouldn't be telling you this"
                                                                                                                                                         what do you call a gay dinosaur? a megasaurass.
                                                              ran out of toilet paper, so i had to use leaves. just kidding, but my son learned a big lesson about leaving his clothes  in the bathroom.
                                                                                                                             hey girl, you know why they call me "toilet paper?" because i'm so charmin.
                                                                                                                         [sees cute barista] i'll have a quickie. barista: sir, it's called an espresso.
                                                                                                                                         how does a scotsman find a sheep in tall grass? very satisfying
                                                                                                                                             hatton: i ain't as dumb as i look! folsom: you couldn't be!
                                                                                                                                                               what's the plural of "referendum"? riots.
                                                                                                                                             q: what do you call a pickle that draws? a: a dillustrator.
                                                                                                                              another world's oldest man has died. this is beginning to look suspicious.
                                                                                 i don't think there will ever be an edible version of scrabble. and if there is, i'm going to have to eat my own words.
                                                                                                              we're adults. it's bad enough we selfie. don't make it worse with the surprise face selfie
                                                                                                                                                              what do you call a magic door? dumbledoor!
                                                                                        i recently bought a dog from a blacksmith... and as soon as i got him into the house he made a bolt for the door
                                                                                                                                         why'd the semen cross the road? i wore the wrong pair of socks.
                                                                                                                                                           what do you call a drunken muslim? mohammered
                                                                                               why is the bass player stuck outside? he doesn't know when to come in and can't find the right key anyway
                                                                                                                               how many bears would bear grylls grill, if bear grylls could grill bears?
                                                              bruce willis is being chased by a pug. he jumps in a taxi and escapes. he breathes a sigh of relief. the driver turns around. it's the pug
                                                       what's the difference between a 13 year old girl and a cow? no really, what's the difference? i accidentally mixed up all the meat in my freezer.
                                                                           i've just been fired from my job at the clock-making factory... ...must have been all those extra hours i've been putting in.
                                                                                        everybody is complaining about their significant other, and i'm over here trying to keep mine charged above 10%.
                                                                                                           my brother was convicted as an accessory to murder dad always said he'd accomplice something.
                                                                                  i love how people say they're "expecting" a baby, as though it might be something else, like a penguin or a lawnmower.
                                                                                                                   how do you call a blond who changed her hair color to brown? artificial intelligence!
                                                    police arrested two kids yesterday... ...one was drinking battery acid, the other was eating fireworks. they charged one  and let the other one off.
                                                                                                                                 what is the capital of the united states? half of what it was last week
                                                                                                                                        my doctor told me i need more potassium in my diet and i said k.
                                                                                                                        what's black and blue and doesn't like sex? the ten year old boy in my basement.
                                                                                                                                why cant you email a photo to a jedi? because attachments are forbidden.
                                                                                                                                      circus stocks are up because the clowns sure are making a killing.
                                                                                                q: what do you say to a twenty ton dinosaur with headphones on? a: anything you want. he can't hear you.
                                                                                                                             there was an awful fight at the seafood restaurant. four fish got battered!
                                                                                                                                                                 iama hot dog cart owner, ama my weiner!
                                                                                                                                                you do realize makeup isn't going to fix your stupidity?
                                                                                                    i was going to exercise until i remembered the story about that healthy guy that died that one time.
                                                                                                                                                              @nbcsports thank you for making the sports
                                                                                                                             auto-correct simply means you end up saying stuff that you didn't nintendo.
                                                                                                                                what did the painter say to her boyfriend? "i love you with all my art!"
                                                               god never gives you more than you can handle. but i'm not god. i'm just a bag boy. and you'll wanna take these groceries out in the cart.
                                                                     white house what do you call someone in the white house who is honest, ethical, intellectual, law abiding, and truthful? a tourist.
                                             jokes site,help! time a go,i read about a site in which there are plenty of jokes in this subreddit..graphically,it was very minimal.could someone help me?
                                                                                                                                   what's the difference between you and a baby bird. the bird got laid.
                                                                                                                                                  what sort of transport does a sheep use? a ewe-nicycle
                                                                                                                                            if it weren't for snow blowers... the ups man wouldn't come.
                                                                                                                       why do elephants have 4 feet? because in the animal kingdom 6 inches just wont do
                                                                                                 at age 40 you gain the capacity to fall totally chemically head over heels in love with a refrigerator.
                                                                                                                             what's the difference between santa and a jew? santa goes down the chimney.
                                                         after viewing the aristocrats, what are redditors version of this joke. surely this place can come up with some pretty dirty shit for this one.
                                                                                                            what is the historical significance of sir george stokes? he was a seminal fluid dynamicist.
                                                                                                               once a marine, always a marine. even if you're now working at subway. you're a submarine.
                                                                                                                    so, this baby seal walks into a club... [o(;_;)o](http://youtu.be/tk2tuqcnwpy?t=30s)
                                                                                                            how awesome were the 50s? none of the girls had tramp stamps & you could smoke in hospitals.
                                                                                                                         are you lactose intolerant? if so, you won't be able to handle this cheesy joke
                                                             him: ha! i got your atm card. me: so? you'll never guess my pin. him: is it 6969? me:.. him:. me:.. him:. me: seriously dude, give it back.
                                                                                      how many dead babies does it take to change a lightbulb? i don't know i keep throwing them it just doesn't change.
                                                                                                                                  i want to learn the finnish language. but i don't know where to start.
                             two muffins are sitting in an oven one muffin looks at the other and says: "boy, it sure is hot in here" the other muffin turns and screams; "holy crap! a talking muffin!"
                                                                  bought a jug of detergent that said it will clean 126 loads. ...so why, after 3 washes, do my sheets still glow under the black light?
                                                                                                                                             when you anticipate, you make an ant out of i, ci and pate.
                                                                                                                            damn girl, are you a gibson? cause i would only use you if i would get paid.
                                                                                                                                 "sit down. i've got some bad news." (every milkman's boss 30 years ago)
                                                                                                                                   what do you get when you drop a piano down a mineshaft? a-flat minor.
                                                                                                                                     what do you call a religious cow in the middle east? a moooooslim!!
                                                                                                            trying to talk to a girl without staring at her boobs is like trying to poop without peeing.
                                                                                                                can i get a pina colada please. 'this is starbucks' sorry, can i have venti pina colada.
                                                                                                                             "i think we should start touching other people." -blind couple breaking up.
                                                                                                                        if i ever run into captian crunch, i'm gonna punch him in the roof of his mouth.
                                                                                                               a ponytail so tight i look 5 years younger and everyone thinks i've been smiling all day.
                                                                                                                           how do africans carry ebola? in large baskets balanced on top of their heads.
                                                                                                              you know what grinds a germans gear? nothing, they are too well engineered. edit: spelling
                                                                                                                                                                   42 percent of statistics are made up!
                                                                                                               at school the other kids used to push me around and call me lazy i loved that wheelchair.
                                                                                                                                   what does cnn call back-to-back aviation disasters? christmas in july
                                                                                                                                                         how do mussels reproduce? they shuck eachother.
                                                                           my job blocked the favstar website and i'm not sure if i should quit or take hostages. haha! jk. i'm totally taking hostages.
                                                                                                                              did i tell you about my attempt to grow bananas in sand? it was fruitless.
                                                                                                                                why are the mexicans building a wall? to keep donald trump out of mexico
                                                                                                                                                     hi, i'm from the american medical association! ama!
                                                                                                                                               what do the jews use to browse the internet? nethanyahoo!
                                                                                                                                                   who are the hamburgers favourite people? vegetarians!
                                                                                                                                                               how do you keep a retard in anticipation?
                                                                 saw a cute girl at work today. i told her i get off in five minutes and she smiled. then i said i finish work in one hour and she left.
                                                                                                                               why do italian men grow moustaches? they want to look like their mothers.
                                                                                                               what would you get if you crossed a witch with a famous movie director? steven spellberg!
                                                                                                                                if i ever opened up a nail salon, i would definitely name it "handjobs".
                                                                                                                             when noah was loading the ark, where did he put the bees? in the ark-hives.
                                                                                                                 i just spent two weeks in vegas looking for my wife's killer... but no one would do it.
                                                                                                       my phone is crap. i put it into airplane mode and threw it up in the air. worst transformer ever.
                                                                                                                                           how long does it take a mexican to build a.... and he's done.
                                                                                                                                                          what is a necrophiliac's safe word? i'm alive.
                                                                                                                                 how can you make a blonde laugh on a sunday? tell her a joke wednesday.
                                                                                                                                         a termite walked into a bar and asked, "is the bartender here?"
                                                                                                           what web page do orphans visit the most? 404 edit: sorry it sucks, it's me trying to make oc.
                                                                a fellow pupil asks little johnny -johnny how do you know when your sister has the period? -umm, it's when daddy's weener tastes of poo!
                                                                                                                        being a jedi isn't all bad. i've been sitting around in my bathrobe for decades.
                                                                                  jurassic park jurassic park ii jurassic park iii jurassic park iiii jurassic park iiiii [this fence is taking forever]
                                                                       what i said: i forgot my book. what the teacher heard: i hate school, i hate you & i don't want to make something out of my life.
                                                                                              the fact that we're supposed to reuse a vagina after a mini human has crawled out of it kinda bums me out.
                                                                                       me: omg all the kids are asleep! i can finally sit and relax! dog: yeah. about that. *pukes all over living room*
                                                                                                                                                          what kind of pee comes out your butt? poo pee.
                                                                                                                                 how do you make a dead baby float? root beer and 2 scoops of ice cream!
                                                                                                                                 the only difference between fear and adventure is how much you breathe.
                                                                                                  set a fire for a man and he is warm for a day, set him on fire and he is warn for the rest of his life
                                                                                                                                                 i submitted a penis joke once the mod tagged it long...
                                                                                                                                               explain joke what is a bee's favorite game? hive and seek
                     nuts. when you have nuts on the wall they're called walnuts. when you have nuts on your chest they're called chestnuts. when you have nuts on your chin you're called a cocksucker.
                                                                                                                                        went to see a show about the dictionary. it was a play on words.
                                                                                                 [barnes and noble] cashier: anything else? me: four barns and your finest noble please cashier: get out
                                                                                                                                  what a bad year... still can't believe they changed the instagram logo
                                                            hi yeah i'm here about the junior executive position. my skills? well i'm super good at playing video games i found too difficult as a child
                                                                                                                                                where does the general keep his armies? up his sleevies!
                                                               attn: i'm looking for a new girlfriend are you: 1. between the age of 11-69? 2. mostly female? 3. trained to poop outside? dm for details
                                                                                                                as soon as you take a single slice of pizza... ...there's no longer enough to go around.
                                                                                                             if i ever wake up miniature i'm going to use a ravioli as a pillow and just go back to bed.
                                                                                                                what sort file do you you need to turn a 1.5 inch hole into a 4.5 inch one? a pedo-file.
                                                            ladies, if men had pms they'd get into fist fights, defraud partners, start wars, abuse women, stop paying child support..hey-wait a minute!
                                                                                                           why does shang tsung always enjoy a religious song from finland? because it's a finnish hymn.
                                                                        girl i work with says to me, "why dont you like taylor swift? shes awesome!". because i knew she was trouble when she walked in.
                                                                                                       i think it might be fun to be an idiot-savant... ... but i'm having trouble with the savant part.
                                                                                        cop: we have you surrounded! get down on the ground now! cardboard man: sigh not again *cops start breakdancing*
                                                                                                                      i've got loads of jokes about undelivered letters. but people just don't get them.
                      apparently there is a bipartisan push in the us senate to legalize marijuana for arthritis treatment so in other words, there's joint support for joint support for joint support.
                thousands of years ago chuck norris came across a bear. it was so terrified that it fled north into the arctic. it was also so terrified that all of its decendents now have white hair.
                                                                                                                                                 i get scared visiting the ghetto on google street view.
                                                           what's the difference between a redditor and a calender? a redditor is a living breathing human being, and a calender is an inanimate object.
                                                                                                               why is america bad at the game chess? because they don't know how to defend their towers.
                                                                                                        so i called my friend turkey and i said to him "turkey, la gente esta muy loca. what the cluck?"
                                                                                                                     i saw a homeless man and gave him $1.00. i saw a homeless woman and gave her $0.77.
                                                                                                                                       when you're fast enough to be at two spots at the same time. *fat
                                                                                                             so a staircase said something to me the other day... actually i lied, it just stared at me.
                                                                                           how many idiots does it take to change a light bulb? five - one to hold the bulb, and four to turn his ladder
                                                                                                                                                why does edward never leave russia? he's always snowden.
                                                              i've just read a book on how dramatically footballers wives lose their looks once their husbands retire.it's a real wags to witches story.
                                                            how much does it take for two octopi to laugh? 16 tickles because not asking for insurance is insane in the us, sorry to go out on a limb...
                                                            now i ain't saying she a gold digger, but she out in the field with a shovel & idk man she's diggin for somethin. oh burying a body? ok then
                                                                                                      i decided to replace my belt with multiple watches connected together. it was a big waist of time.
                                                                              after hearing that diarrhea causes the most deaths... i realized i'm next. diarrhea's hereditary, and it runs in my genes.
                                                             this milk's brand name is "organic valley." i can't drink it. too grossed out picturing livers, spleens and pancreases sitting in a valley.
                                                                                                                                                there's a party in the garden so lettuce turnip the beet
                                                                                                                                                  what times does sean connery get to wimbledon? tennish
                                                                                        you know you have a weight problem when even your car insults you. it flashes the word abs at me and won't stop.
                         what do you get when you cross an onion and a donkey? most times you get an onion with a tail. but every once in a while you get a piece of ass that brings a tear to your eye.
                                                                         forget beniffer & brangelina! the new power couple in hollywood is peeta & katniss from the hunger games! or peeniss for short.
                                                                                                                                why did the chicken cross my wife? because i ran her over in the street.
                                                                                    i bet when scientists throw office parties, there's always the one guy who gets drunk and carbon dates his own butt.
                                                                                                     what do porn stars and prostitutes say when they wake up in the morning? time to suck today's dick!
                                                                                                                 what was the favorite food of the thrifty italian who loved contractions? a pasta free.
                                                                                                                        why should you never order the eggs while in france? because they are always uf.
                                                                                                     i accidentally earned a 3rd degree black belt in tae kwon do the last time a bee flew near my face.
                                                                                                                                                                            tear gas is the saddest gas.
                                                                                                                                  i'm not an alcoholic, an alcoholic needs a drink... i already have one
                                                                      texting...because men didn't have a hard enough time understanding women before so we had to take away the ability to convey tone.
                                                                                                                                        i had three girlfriends once and that was the worst recess ever.
                                                                                                            what's the best thing about fingering a gypsy on her period? you get your palm read for free
                                                                                                                                                why is depressed clothing so convenient? it hangs itself
                                                                                                                                             what do you call somebody who posts on /r/jokes? a humorist
                                                                                                      1. be born of a virgin 2. walk on water 3. get crucified 4. return from the dead 5. ??? 6: prophet
                                                                                                            why can't you checkmate a christian? because they're all pawns and their king doesn't exist.
                                                                                                                              q: what happens when a blonde gets  alzheimers disease? a: her iq goes up!
                                                                                                                                        me: i love you..marry me! burrito: i'm a burrito..stop drinking.
                                                                                                                                                    have you ever had ethiopian food? neither have they!
                                                                  a company testing on animals just got sued for testing a chapstick on horses that made their lips burn off. they called it neigh-balm.
                                                                                                                a vegan invited my friends and i to a vegan restaurant.... the food really lettuce down.
                                                                                                                                       what's the most popular form of martial arts in israel? jew-jitsu
                                                                9: daddy, wanna hear something cool? me: sure! 9: *tells story* me: ok, well clearly we need to work on how you define "something cool".
                                                                                                                  i've heard that americans don't find paedo jokes funny guess they're just a bit touchy
                                                                                                                                                   what did jaws call his solo banking firm? loan shark.
                                                                  when i get home the first thing i'm going to do is rip my wife's panties off. because they're too small and the elastic is killing me.
                                                          my mom told me not to kill the spider but to take it out... so i did, we had a few drinks, top lad he is..currently working as a web designer.
                                                                                                                         i took my girlfriend to tour nasa this weekend! she said she needed some space.
                                                                                                             when it comes to volunteering on my gynaecology residency, i'm the first to put my hand up.
                                                                                                      i laughed at my friend for being unable to juggle... turns he just didn't have the balls to do it.
                                                                                                             what did vincent van gogh call himself when he joined the justice league? the starry knight
                                                                 number of us states who claim above average elementary test scores? 50. number of us states who shouldn't be allowed to teach math? 25.
                                                                                                                                   tifu by eating my coworkers sandwich instead of mine. oops wrong sub.
                                                            sent out a mass text invite to my pity party & autocorrect turned it into a pita party. now i'm eating hummus with people i don't even like.
                                                            jurassic park iii on amc. 10 min. in, 2 young scientists studying dinosaur fossils. fossils. hey, 'member how there are alive dinosaurs now?
                                                                                                    sorry a lot of sand came out of my sleeve when i shook your hand; i went to the beach six years ago.
                                                                                                                           i'm a ventriloquist. i can put my hand up your skirt and make your lips move!
                                                                                                             why did the chicken cross the road? because it was suicidal and wanted to get hit by a car.
                                                                                                                           how can you tell if an american has a conceal carry permit? they'll tell you.
                                                                   i subscribe to groupon because it's good to know which nearby restaurants have mediocre food & will probably be out of business soon.
                                                             i hope all the friends i've made in the bathroom at 1am are still so pretty and everything worked out with that boy they were drunk texting
                                                                                                                                                       if you think grammar isn't important, well, it's.
                                                                                                                       my dad caught me smoking his cigarettes... he beat me until i was white and gold.
                                                                                                                       whats the best part about dating a black girl? you rarely have to meet their dad.
                                                                                                                 dear guy who parked his lexus across two parking spaces: your car got paint on my keys.
                                                                                                                                                       who is the new member of the x-men caitlyn jenner
                                                                                                                                   what can you add to any food to make it taste better? the word "free"
                                                                                                            why can you never trust someone that needs to go to the toilet? because they're full of shit
                                               i got a new stick of deodorant today the instructions said "remove cap and push up bottom". i can barely walk now but when i fart the room smells lovely.
                                                                                                          my cat told me he's old enough to move out on his own now but then he said nah i'm just kitten
                                                                       my wife has been binge watching episodes of snapped, so i cancelled my life insurance policy, and haven't slept or eaten in days.
                                                      call a girl beautiful 1,000 times and she'll never notice. call a girl fat once and she'll never forget it. that's because elephants never forget.
                                                                             my math teacher told me that 3/5 of the kids in my class don't understand fractions thankfully i'm a part of the other 3/5.
                                                                                                                                 what did jesus say when he was nailed upon the cross? "me! that hurts!"
                                   how many bodybuilders does it take to screw in a lightbulb? it takes four. one to screw in the bulb, and three others to watch and say, "really dude, you look huge!"
                                                                          you can make up any word you want in conversation and if you use it in a dilsationary way, people rarely question the meaning.
                                                                                                                                                      my cell-mate had nick name for me... mitochondria.
                                                            wife: y is a penguin w an umbrella in the- me:*points to dog dressed as batman* so bark wayne isnt bored w: m: he needs an arch enemy, karen
                                                                                                                                  why you never mess with imported ants? because they are **important**.
                                                                                                                        have you heard about that new dating app for serial killers? it's called skinder
                                                                          [walmart customer service] me: i want to talk to the manager. manager: hi sir is there a problem? me: no, i just want to talk.
                                                                                                 doctor doctor i keep thinking i'm god when did this start ? well first i created the sun then the earth
                                                                                                                                               i almost had a threesome today i just needed 2 more girls
                                                                     i won't slam on my brakes if someone's tailgating me...i will, however, take my foot off the accelerator and slowly come to a stop.
                                                                                                                                                   i got a job crushing cans... ...it's soda pressing...
                                                                                                                    how did the burger king get the dairy queen pregnant? he forgot to wrap his whopper.
                                                                          why did satan keep growing his herb garden even when his oregano died each time? because he always had a hell of a good thyme.
                                                                                i'm starting a fundraiser to help restore sight to seniors with degenerative eye problems. please upvote for visibility.
                                                               i routinely take 8 flights of stairs for no other reason than to avoid idle chit chat in the elevator. see, hating people can be healthy!
                                                                                                     if you don't like your son, grab a football and tell him to go long. never throw it. he's gone now.
                                                                                                                                                                        always the camel, never the toe.
                                                                          flowers: because nothing says "sorry a loved one passed away" like something else that'll wither and die right in front of you
                                                                                                                                    nguyen and nguyen, attorneys at law "it's always a win-win with us!"
                                                                                                    why did the drill sergeant get a dishonorable discharge? he couldn't keep his hands off his privates
                                                                                                                                                               what does the perverted frog say? rubbit!
                                                                                           my dad asked me if it's true that if you spend too much time on reddit, you'll become an idiot "kek", i said.
                                                                                               give a man a fish and feed him for a day. give a man a poison fish and feed him for the rest of his life.
                                                                                                                                                   what did the fish say when he ran into the wall? damn
                                                                                                              did you know condoms had serial numbers? i guess you've never had to roll it down that far
                                                                                                                                                                 what does mario wear? denim denim denim
                                                                                                                                     there's a great horse joke i'd like to trot out... but it's lame :(
                                                            what's the difference between a laundry machine and a girl? the washing machine doesn't get upset if i dump a load in it and never call back
                                                                                                                                        why was jesus in such good shape when he died? he was cross-fit.
                                                                                                                                         whats the hardest part of a vegetable to eat? the wheelchair...
                                                                                                                    some say tiger woods is the greatest golfer of all time. i say he's sub-par at best.
                                                                                                                     mayweather will probably win against pacquiao he gets extra practice with his wife.
                                                                                how many russians does it take to change a lightbulb? two. one to hold the bulb and other to drink until the room spins.
                                                                                                                                      what did the dentist say to the golfer? "you have a hole in one. "
                                                                                                                                my friend started making bird puns towards me. toucan play at that game!
                                                                                                                       president's day is just a holiday invented by presidents to sell more presidents.
                                                                                                                                               i hate when i can't understand what i'm eavesdropping on.
                                                                                                              what's the difference between a golf ball and a ford? you can drive a golf ball 200 yards.
                                                                                                                                                                 what is the opposite of a meme? youyou.
                                                                                                                                      q: how do you get a clarinet player to play  louder? a: you can't!
                                                                                                                                                         how does it feel to be out of coffee? depresso.
                                                                              my favorite bible story is when jesus feeds the multitudes after administering a drug test to make sure they deserve food.
                                                                                                             q: what should you do if windows crashes cost you a lot of money? a: you should bill gates.
                                                                                                                                           why are blonde jokes so short? so that men can remember them.
                                                                                                                                               why did the eunuch farmer wake up late? he had no cock!!!
                                                                                                               my girlfriend and i are celebrating our anniversary tonight by breaking up six years ago.
                                                                                                                                        what is the national vegetable of germany? *michael schumacher.*
                                                                    stalin and hitler stalin: hey hitler, wanna hear a joke? hitler: sure broh stalin: stalingrad hitler: i don't get it stalin: exactly
                                                                                                                                             i'm single for so long my last girlfriend dumped me on msn.
                                                                                                                      i had sex with my girlfriend while camping once... it was really fucking in tents!
                                                            restrooms now have auto flushes, taps, hand dryers. but isn't it silly that you cancel all that by touching the door handle on your way out?
                                                                                                            turns out if you fake a heart attack every monday work sends you to hr and not the hospital.
                                                                        nothing solves all of life's biggest problems like a well-timed, awkward & overly complicated kick to the face. -the karate kid.
                                                                                             you don't fully know your own strength until someone tries to pull you onto a dancefloor against your will.
                                                            impress your date. be wild. flip the table. flip it 360 so its upright again & nothing has moved except a roll that has flown into her mouth
                                                                                                                                                     what did the cat cough up when it was sick? meowcus
                                                                                                                       a picture may say a thousand words, but with photoshop, it tells a thousand lies.
                                                                     bought 30 treadmills & placed them around the perimeter of house, when zombies attack my house they will just keep walking for days
                                                                                                                                                      what is russia's favorite type of pasta? putinesca
                                                            i'd do well in a zombie apocalypse because i'm near sighted, get cramps if i don't get enough potassium and my only skill is googling things
                                                                 the best part about netflix is there are no commercials. on an unrelated note, does anyone know how to get urine stains out of a couch?
                                                                                                                                              what's your favourite onomatopoeic word? mine's "silence".
                                                                                  push me aside, but i will come back. hide me, but i will always emerge. i am power. i am resilience. i am a bra strap.
                                                                            judging by the number of hats on the hanger... ...and the amount of shoes underneath, i am married to a three-headed spider.
                                                                                                                                                                    everybody is somebody else's weirdo.
                                                                                                         heard of the gay martini? they're pretty strong. you drink just one and you can't see straight.
                                                                                                            roughly 60% of my childhood was spent trying to do the crane kick after watching karate kid.
                                                                                                                                                    what do you call a zombie that runs fast? a zoombie.
                                                                                                                                        what's the difference between a good joke and a bad joke timing.
                                                                                                                                                                           tried to catch fog today mist
                                                                                                               the definition of irony; not knowing the difference between a definition, and an example.
                                                                me: i know you from somewhere jesus: i get that a lot me: no i'm sure jesus: just one of those faces me: [holding arms out] go like this
                                                                                                      what's the difference between john kenndy jr. and ted kennedy? ted can swim away from an accident.
                                                                                                                          have you heard about the dyslexic devil worshipper? he sold his soul to santa!
                                                                                                                                           i bet the government is behind all these conspiracy theories.
                                                                                                                                                      trump says he'll make oasis pay for a wonder wall.
                                                                                                   man who looks forward to spending his entire life with kim kardashian disagrees with grammy decision.
                                                                                                                                                   what do you call a nun in a wheelchair? virgin mobile
                                    two blondes are in geography class together... one asks the other "which is closer, london or the moon" the other replies "the moon, obviously, can you see london?"
                                                                                                                                                                  swag is for boys and class is for men.
                                                                                                                                                                          your secret is safeish with me
                                                                                                                              i met the woman of my dreams playing pokemon go then she got hit by a car.
                                                                       "then, the handsome prince sees her dead body laying there and has to kiss her." "ummm, what?" "trust me, the kids will love it."
                                                                                                                               what did the pedophile write on his tinder profile? netflix and chilldren
                                                                                                                                just tell isis we have pizza and when they knock on the door, shoot them
                                                                                                                                     some worlds just want to watch the men burn like hell, and the sun.
                                                                                                                                       elvis my wee pet mouse elvis has died ! he got caught in a trap !
                                                                                                                                         damn, girl, did you lose weight? because it's caught up to you.
                                                                                               i was asked on a biology test "what is most commonly found in cells" black people was the wrong answer...
                                                                                                                                               i like my women how i like my coffee i don't like coffee.
                                                                        ambien is not the answer, unless your neighbor questions why you were sleeping on their couch and where did their cheesecake go.
                                                              we were gonna give you money but thought you might prefer the limited buying power of a gift card. don't spend it all in one place! lol jk
                                                                                               you need to chew poop. you can only chew one tsp a day. how do you eat 8tsp in two days? just don't chew.
                                                                                                            no matter how busy i am at work, i'm never too busy to complain about how busy i am at work.
                                                                                                                                  what did the papa ghost say to the baby ghost. fasten your sheet belt.
                        always marginalised and discriminated against in favour of their blue counterparts, it's about time we started treating them with the respect they deserve. black levi's matter.
                                                                                                                                              should i buy a pizza? heads i do, tales i ignore the coin.
                                          what's brown and furry on the outside, soft moist and tastes good on the inside, begins with "c" and ends with "t", and has a "u" and an "n" in it? a coconut.
                                                                doctor looking at his ipad: oh no, this isn't good ... me: give it to me straight doc what is it doctor: well, i forgot my wifi password
                                                                                                                       what's the best part about five year olds? they're hands make your cock look huge
                                                                                                                                   the inuits don't deal with your crap, because they're having nunavut.
                                                                                                                                                                     jesus loves me ... it's so awkward.
                              two old guys were chatting in the park. "you know, my wife and i were happy for 40 years," said one guy. "what happened?" asked the other guy. "we met," sighed the first.
                                                               you let your eyes unfocus. the entire page coalesces into a cheery, bespectacled face. waldo is the entire crowd scene. we are all waldo.
                                                                                                                                                 friend: i'm pregnant me: you should have just got a dog
                                                                                                                                              what's fatter than your mom? your mom after her next meal.
                                                                                                                                   "so, why do you want to be a doctor?" because i can never be patient.
                                                                                        lawyer: your honor, this verdict is bullshit. i'm outta here! judge: litigator! lawyer: after a while crocodile.
                                                                                                                                                  what did father bee say to his rebelling son? beehive!
                                                                                                                                                             strange that the bible has no bibliography.
                                                                                                 selfie... because it's important to realize that it's not the photographer who is making you look ugly.
                                                              a jewish kid asks his father for five dollars... and his father replies; "four dollars!? what do you need three dollars for!? here's two!"
                                                                                                      i wear my heart on my sleeve because if i wore it on my chest, it'd just get mustard stains on it.
                                                                                                                                                           i can't believe the queen knighted mix-a-lot.
                                                                                                                            my friend said to me "people do not change" i told him to empty his pockets.
                                                                 old people love to comment on news stories "these are sad times we're living in" like humans only recently started being pieces of shit
                                                                                                                                                                how do you get pikachu on a bus? pokemon
                                                                 aren't dad jokes great? i got a bad sunburn a week ago, and my skin is staring to peel of.i guess you could say that it's.....appealing
                                                                                                                       why did donald trump outlaw grated cheese ? so he could make america grate again.
                                                                                             a man walks in to a bar... and murders all the redditers who have posted a man walks in to a bar joke. ouch
                                                                           whilst at college i did experiment with marijuana. i did it in snow, i did it in sleet, but i did not in hail. ^-- ^ed ^byrne
                                                                                                              what did frank say when he dropped his last slice of pizza hut in the toilet? "pizza shit"
                                                                                                                                           what's the difference between a dog and a fox? about 8 pints.
                                                                                                               i saw a tweet saying liberals should create their own captain america. they did. in 1940.
                                                                                                                                                 q: what do you call a blind german? a: a not see (nazi)
                                                                                                                                                         knock knock? who's there? dr who. which dr who?
                                                 about women... there's only 1 word beginning with b you should ever call a woman, and that's "beautiful" - bitches fucking love being called beautiful.
                                                                                                                                     there's panic and then there's can't-find-your-tampon-string-panic.
                                                                                                                   it's not a "junk drawer," it's a free-spirited drawer without expectations or limits.
                                                                                                                                                  a polite penis stands up when a lady wants to sit down
                                                                                                                                                  whats an ex-iphone user's favorite cereal? apple jacks
                                                                             okay so i know this one joke which might be a bit offensive. cracked me up though what's great about fucking 22 year olds'?
                                                                                                                                                     i saw jesus going to the bathroom today. holy shit.
                                                                           do you know how we know that adam and eve were white? because even god doesn't have the balls to steal a rib from a black guy
                                                                                                                                        pregnant cashier: have a great day me: thanks, have a great baby
                                                                                                                      why did the hipster order piping hot soup? he wanted to eat it before it was cool.
                                                                                                                                 tifu by mixing up by wifes sandwich order at subway. whoops, wrong sub.
                                                              *20-something kangaroo calling mom* yea so i thought maybe i could get back in the pouchlike just for a few months til i figure things out
                                                                                           i had a happy childhood. my dad would put me inside a tire and then roll me down a hill. they were goodyears.
                                                                                                                   did you hear about the constipated chancellor of the exchequer? he couldn't budge-it!
                                                                        did you know there is going to be a spin-off from that old show touched by an angel it's going to be called touched by a priest.
                                                                                                                                  why did the pervert cross the road? his dick was stuck in the chicken.
                                                                                                                                 why did the chicken cross the road? to get to the little bitch's house.
                                                                                       what does idk stand for? blonde: "what does idk stand for?" brunette: "i don't know." blonde: "omg, nobody does!"
                                                                                                                                                                 back home from the chinese paralympics.
                                                                                                                       three guys walk into a bar... you think the third guy would have learned to duck.
                                                                                                                   jomomma.ninja jo mamma is so ninja, that even chuck norris sent her a friend request.
                                                                                        a man crashed his car a man crashed his expensive car into a tree... he finally found out how the mercedes bends
                                                                                                                               how do you know if someone is a socialist? don't worry, they'll tell you.
                                                                                                            and god said, "let there be light"... ..and american beer turned into water. and it was bad.
                                                                                                                                                         how do angels greet each other?  they say halo.
                                                                                                                               why is santa so jolly? because he knows where all the naughty girls live.
                                                                                                     why do people wish they had a nickel for every time something happens instead of 5 million dollars?
                                                                                                                          don't waste electricity. would you like it if i turned you on and walked away?
                                                                                                         why did the broadway star with a tiny butt get evicted? because he was a little behind on rent!
                                                                                                                                                        no need to drive me crazy. i can walk from here.
                                                            [date] her: no more scooby doo imitations me: ok waiter: today's special is baby octopus me: [shaggy voice] zoinks her: i'm done me: ruh roh
                                                                                                                                         what do you call a comedian who couldn't make it? pun intended.
                                                                                                                        how do the russian people feel about their government? they're putin up with it.
                                                                22 year old me after a night of drinking: "i hope i didn't do anything stupid." 29 year old me: "i hope i didn't agree to go on a hike."
                                                                                       my sister says i don't understand irony... ....which is funny because we were standing at a bus stop at the time.
                                                                                                                                   why did the bumble bee have sticky fur? because he used a honey comb.
                                                                                                                              it's never okay to hit a woman ! wipe her make up and fight her man to man
                                                                                                                     you haven't experienced awkward until you try to tickle someone who isn't ticklish.
                                                                                                what is the difference between a tire and a black man? the tire doesn't start singing when you chain it.
                                                                          there should be a photoshop function to automatically remove unwanted trolls from the background of your pictures 'photo balm'
                                                                                                                                  you shouldn't trust dermatologists. they make a lot of rash decisions.
                                                                                                                                                        gay guys are ok... ... they're just indifferent.
                                                                                                                                        what sounds like a robot and bumps into tables? stephen hawking.
                                                                             how many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh? ten-tickles ten-tickles! i find it funny how most people say eight.
                                                              "do you ever feel like a plastic bag?" well, katy, i'm thin, weak, white, and i hurt the environment so i guess that's a pretty apt simile
                                                                                                                      one of my patients took me to sioux city now iowa defense attorney a lot of money.
                                                                                                      q: what's the difference between  personal injury lawyers and congress? a: no fee--if no recovery!
                                                                                                                                                           how do you think the unthinkable? an ithberg!
                                                                                                                              what do you call a truck with only five mexican passengers? under capacity
                                                                                                                                                                                            mitt romney.
                                                                        my 6 year old daughter told me this morning that she wanted to grow up and be a feminist.. i told her she could only choose one.
                                                                                                                                                    no one is perfect. everyone's ass has a crack in it.
                                                                             son dad joke grandpa - you should try this. it's out of this world son - sorry grandpa i don't like food from space. he's 8
                                                                                                                     i saw a how-to page on record scratch and dj techniques. it was a wikki-wikki wiki.
                                          two old ladies are sitting on a park bench a man walks up in a trenchcoat and flashes them. the first lady has a stroke, the second lady couldn't quite reach.
                                                                                       if you're ever bored in a taxi i recommend mouthing, "help me" to strangers and watching their facial expressions
                                                                                                                                                      what is an elephants favourite film ? elephantasia
                                                                                                                     what's the difference between a scaffold and a magnet? a magnet only has two poles.
                                                                                 there are two types of people in this world: 1)people who tried to move an object with their mind at least once 2)liars
                                                                                                                          some mathematicians are on the negative side, while others are quite positive.
                                                                                                                                                    i be a quantum pirate. i'll make ye walk the planck.
                                                                                    i think my wife is changing our son's diapers too often. it says right on the box that they're good for up to 14lbs.
                                                                                                                                             people who go jogging, you realise we have cars now, right?
                                                                                                                                     why doesn't a rooster wear pants? because his pecker is on his head
                                                                                                            how is american beer similar to making love in a canoe? they're both fucking close to water.
                                                                                                                                            why do french people eat snails ? they don't like fast food.
                                                                                                                        q: what do a blonde and a car have in common?  a: they can both drive you crazy.
                                                                                                                                     what do you call an x-games athlete who placed dead last? a louger.
                                                                                                           i had long suspected a rival robot lumberjack of stealing my wood so i checked its log files.
                                                                            all the kings horses and all the kings men probably feel like they're being grossly underutilized with that whole egg thing.
                                                                                                                                               what's a yankee? it's a quickie....but you do it yourself
                                                            stop honking! if i drive any faster the tiny lizard that hitched a ride on my hood is gonna fall to his death. have some compassion, people.
                                                                                                  why are female inmates bad at grammar? because they have their period in the middle of their sentence.
                                                                   turkey; you are approching to our border! russia;cyka -stay out of our border! -blyat https://pbs.twimg.com/media/cukgfohwsaakvkb.png
                                                                   my cat sat up from a dead sleep and stared, frantic toward the empty basement laundry room so i guess i'll be buying a new house now.
      1st old man says "i wish i could pee with no problems", 2nd old man says "i wish i could poop easily", 3rd old man says "i easily do both by 10am...." ".... problem is, i don't wake up til noon"
                                                                      whenever i see an unsecured wifi, i just assume it's owned by a chimpanzee sitting in a room and hitting a keyboard with a hammer.
                                                                                                                        opening a store called the gorp! it's exactly like the gap except we sell gravy.
                                                                                                  did you hear about the guy who lost his left arm and left leg in a car accident? he's alright, though.
                                                                                a wolf goes costume shopping... he found a lamb costume on the clearance rack. but it still wasn't sheep enough for him.
                                                                                                                                             what did one casket say to the other? "is that you coffin?"
                                                                                                                       what do you call a midget psychic that broke out of jail? a small medium at large
                                                                          the maitre'd asked if we had reservations... i said, "yes, but when you're as hungry as we are you throw caution to the wind!"
                                                            people think life after college is nothing but feeling tired all the time, but that's just not true. there's also a ton of fear and anxiety.
                                                                     welcome to plastic surgery addicts anonymous i see a lot of new faces here this week, and i just want you to know i'm disappointed.
                                                                                                                                          what do you call that useless skin around the penis? a man....
                                              as a child i had a medical condition that meant i had to eat soil three times a day it's lucky my older brother told me about it really... \- milton jones
                                                                                            to all the bernie supporters... this isn't the first time a clinton has left a bad taste in someone's mouth.
                                                                   [on 1st date] him: so why is someone as pretty as you single? me: single? who's single? [gets right up in his face] we marry at dawn.
                                                                                                                                                      what kind of organization is atheism? non-prophet.
                                                                                    if i yawn, and the person talking says, 'sorry for boring you', i graciously accept their apology. because, manners.
                                                                                                                                     processed pork, gelatin, and salt in a can this is now a spam post.
                                                                                                                                      my audiologist put his penis in my ear. now i've got hearing aids.
                                                                                                           please don't joke about wwii, my grandpa died in a kz camp he fell down from the guard tower.
                                                                           i have not ate, drink, slept, used the bathroom, or showered since last year. i have also not told this joke since last year.
                                                                if i believed changing my profile picture could change the world i'd change it to a picture of vending machines that dispense tiger cubs
                                    donald trump has a new plan for solving the conflict of interest of him owning his business empire and being president he's going to put america into a blind trust.
                                                                                                      my stomach just made a really weird noise. so i'm just going to send a pizza down to check it out.
                                                                                               if the salvation army wants a donation from me then they better get a kettle big enough to put my son in.
                                                                                                                                             how many mexican's does it take to change a lightbulb? juan
                                                                                                                                                 what do you call a rapist in the friendzone? a stalker.
                                                                her: give me a chat up line? me: uh ok, are you a zookeeper? her: *laughs* because i'm so captivating? me: no, you smell like an animal.
                                                            her: you should drink in moderation me: moderation?you makin words up? h: you're gonna piss on my lawn again aren't you? m: ...in moderation
            joe is getting ready his batman impression... so he decides to show his friend bob. "hey bob, wanna see a batman impression?" "okay." "not the kryptonite!" "that's superman." "thanks bob!"
                                                                                                                       what do you tell a girl with two black eyes? nothing, you already told her twice.
                                                                                                     what did one fish say to another fish after eve had her first bath? great, now we smell like woman.
                                                                                                                       how many baby's does it take to paint a house? depends on how hard you throw them
                                                                                                                              what do you call it when two guys open a weed dispensary? a joint venture.
                                                                                                                                     i do not take credit for this joke cash or checks are fine, though.
                                                                                                         i like to do the same thing to my girlfriend that i do with my drum set pretend that i have one
                                                                              so i said to this sloth, "listen here buddy.." before i could finish he interrupted me and shouted"woah, woah! slow down!"
                                                                                                                              when i said i got a little action last night, i was referring to bed bugs.
                                                                                                                                            what do you call a chinese man with a pet cat? a vegetarian.
                                                                           i do ten sit ups every morning. it might not sound like much, but there are only so many times you can hit the snooze button.
                                                                                                girlfriend asks you to get wine: you're getting laid wife asks you to get wine: you're getting yelled at
                                                                                                         my wife gave birth to twin boys the other day. and i've decided to name them jerry and forgery.
                                                                10: what does af mean? after flossing. now go brush your teeth and they will be clean af. why do you ask? 10: mom said you were lazy af.
                                       a man walks into a bar after a long day in the mines he asks the bartender for some whiskey, but the bartender replies; "sorry, we can't sell alcohol to miners."
                                                                                                                                         i hope i get a good grade on my kids science project this year.
                                                i was thinking about getting a tattoo... [one liner] i was going to get a tattoo of a cross on my testicles, but i thought it would be too sacrilegious.
                                                                                                                                         what do you call a vagina with parkinson's? [oc] michael j. box
                                                                                                                                                 why didn't 2x befriend x^2 ? he had trouble integrating
                                                                                         what's the difference between my penis and the three stooges? women don't point and laugh at the three stooges.
                                                                                                                                                           in the event of death... find peace in trump.
                                                                                                                                               what do you call a boomerang that doesn't come back? dad.
                                                                                                       what's that smell? what did one snowman say to the other snowman?      hey, do you smell carrots?
                                                                                                                           feeling tired as you struggle to get through the day? there's a nap for that.
                                                                                                                    i hate people who don't use the right "your" its either you're or your. there idiots
                                                                                  well i failed my driver's test today. the instructor asked me what i do at red lights, and i said, "text and facebook"
                                                                                                           is it a bird? is it a plane? whatever it is, its heading straight for the world trade center.
                                                                                                                                             made a pizza today with indian bread it was like naan other
                                                                            did you hear about the guy who is addicted to drinking brake fluid? it's okay though, he said he can stop whenever he wants.
                                                                                                          what was the last thing that the homeless man heard before becoming a giant? go big or go home
 a woman wants to buy a pair of spectacles. a woman walks into a shop and says," doctor, i think i need a pair of spectacles! " the shopkeeper replies," you certainly do ma'am! this is a grocery st...
                                                                                                                    what do a virgin and a used prius owner have in common? neither of them have had sex
                                                                                                                   what did the buddhist say to the hot dog vendor? can you make me one with everything?
                                                                                                                              why do catholics eat fish on good friday? because jesus died for our fins.
                                                                                                       single bells, single bells,single all the way oh what fun it is to see couples fight all day hey!
                                                                                                                                                            if love is like chemistry. i am a noble gas.
                                                            i'll have a burg please [waiter looks confused] a burg. a meat frisbee. a seared bovine disc. a hamburger sandwich. a bunned beefling my man
                                                                                                                                   ford should create an 8-cylinder fusion model it would be a v8 fusion
                                                                                                                                          what's the difference between a ruble and a dollar? one dollar
                                                                                                                                                         "follow your dreams!" - someone born into money
                                                                they act like technology is ruining childhood, but back in the day, kids were so bored they would turn their eyelids inside out for fun.
                                                                 i brought my beats headphones to work, and instead of being left alone, i've had 7 rap battles and am in the finals against a$ap carol.
                                       apparently i'm "an insensitive arsehole" for referring to my girlfriend's allergic reaction to a box of chocolates (and subsequent fit) as a "truffle shuffle"...
                                                                                          some people like instant gratification but i prefer mine brewed slowly from freshly ground gratification beans
                                                                                                                                     my grandfather died during the holocaust he fell off a guard tower.
                                                                                                dear women who just gave birth, stop naming your child 'khalessi'. sincerely, the rest of the human race
                                                                                                                                                                  doctor doctor i feel like a  dog! sit!
                                                                                                     i wish my refrigerator would quit opening my bedroom door, staring at me, sighing and walking away.
                                                                                                                                               what dinosaur has the best vocabulary? the bronthesaurus.
                                                                     cop at the gym just puked when he saw me do squat-thrusts. said he hadn't seen anything that hateful or violent since the la riots.
                                                                                                                                                          what was hitler's favorite drink? orange jews.
                                                             calm down check out guy, you don't have to inspect my $20 so hard, if i was talented enough to make my own, i wouldn't be in quickie mart..
                                                                                                                                               why did the sperm cross the road? i wore the wrong socks.
                                                                                                 i dated a soccer player once. i also learned a new word that's in poor taste to yell out during climax.
                                                                                                      like on amazon or in our house? [my response when my wife asks me if i can find something for her]
                                                                                                                                                         what do you call a worthless priest? holy shit.
                                                                                                                                                     5 out of 6 scientists say russian roulette is safe.
                                                                                                                        one party-loving millionaire tried to win his ex back and you won't believe how!
                                                                                                                                                                               joke look into the mirror
                                                                what's the difference between a catholic priest and a zit? (nsfw) at least a zit waits you're a teenage boy before it cums on your face.
                                                                                                                                                        what's the most evil thing a human being can do?
                                                                                                                                                                     [oc] i invented a word: plagiarism.
                                                                         when i'm really bored at work i like to write "i'm watching you" on the toilet paper a few squares in just to mess with people.
                                                                                                                           where can you find an asexual person? you can't. they ain't fuckin' anywhere.
                                                                                                                             why did the marine park worker feel aimless? because they lacked porpoises.
                                                                                                 if a stork brings white babies and a crow brings black babies, what brings no babies? a little swallow.
                                                             "will the father be present during the  birth?" asked the obstetrician. "nah" replied the mother-to-be "he and my husband don't get along."
                                 what is your funniest joke about the french? mine is this: how do you pick out the frenchmen in a room full of naked soldiers? they're the ones with sunburned armpits.
                                                                                                                what do you call a hired investigator who's a jerk only when he's alone? a private dick.
                                                                   [enem] complete: hey ________ a) jude b) i just met you c) there delilah d) soul sister e) hey, you you, i don't like your girlfriend
                                                                                                                         pretending to hold the elevator while secretly pressing "close door" is an art.
                                            what do you call it when a hedge fund manager loses his job to a watson inspired ai built by ibm? it doesn't matter. we'll all be laughing too hard to care.
                                                            it's normal to have conflicting feelings on columbus day. true, he discovered the greatest nation on earth, but he also supported obamacare.
                                                                                                                       whatever you do whatever you do, always give 100%. unless you are donating blood.
                                                                                   it's not the cat wearing my pants without permission that pisses me off. it's that he looks better in them than i do.
                                                                  happy times with grandma one day i was eating my grandma out. suddenly i tasted horse semen. "i thought" oh yeah, that's how she died.
                                                                              you have orgasms all the time. even if you don't have sex, i know you masturbate. you're a liar if you say you don't. sexy
                                                                                                 which part of a birch tree makes it better with autonomic functions than others? their betula oblongata
                                                                                                                                why does the graveyard have fences? because people were dying to get in!
                                                                                                 see, the problem is that god gives men a brain and a penis, and only enough blood to run one at a time.
                                                                                                                                        how do farmers find their sheep in tall grass? very satisfying!!
                                                                                                                               q: what is the blonde's chronic speech impediment? a: she can't say "no".
                                                       an american bartender, an african bartender and an asian bartender walk into a bar. and they start working right away. damn, what a busy night.(:
                                                                                                                                        how do crows know what time is it? they have the knights watch .
                                                                                          job interview hr: what's your best asset? me: i have an excellent memory. hr: give me an example. me: of what?
                                                                                                      what's the difference between acne and a priest? acne waits until a boy is 13 to come on his face.
                                                                                                        "dude, what's with the outfit?" "bruh, i got a job as a bouncer" *hops away in kangaroo costume*
                                                                                                                    how to make holy water. you take normal water, and you just boil the hell out of it.
                                                                                                         it's difficult to say what my wife does for a living. she sells seashells down by the seashore.
                                                                                                                                                                  how do you detach frogs leg you ribbit
                                                                                                                                          what do you call someone who designs playgrounds? a park-itect
                                                                                                            mew and mewtwo are both on a slanted roof. who falls first? neither. they can both levitate.
                                                                                                               what happened to the two ants who got into a fight on a toilet seat? they got pissed off.
                                                                         what's the difference between looking for a lost golf ball and lady godiva? looking for a lost golf ball is a hunt on a course.
                                                                just yelled "i will strangle you in front of your pets" out of my window to a car that cut me off in traffic on a highway in new jersey.
                                                                                                               this morning i had a swollen testicle. "i'd have simply preferred toast," i told my wife.
                                                                                                                  whats the first word a swede says after its born? wouaaa wouaaa wu wu welcome refugees
                                                                                                                                      gay men make me puke i wish they wouldn't shove it down my throat.
                                                                                                                                                        if you sit beside me, you're part of my drumkit.
                                                                                                           i felt like making some penis jokes today. only problem is that they were too *hard* to make.
                                                                                                                          chuck norris can jump-start a car using jumper cables attached to his nipples.
                                                            dave is coming over "normal dave or dave whos alwayes doing impressions of evrybody we know" [from outside] hi guyes, its normal dave "noooo
                                                                                                                       what do donald trump supporters and flour have in common? they are both in bread.
                                                                                                                          tens of people die every year from tiger attacks! join the movement! #tony2012
                                                                                                                                      admiral ackbar sez, "drop it like..." http://i.imgur.com/r896u.jpg
                                                                                                                          who needs a girlfriend when i have my right hand..... to make me sandwiches :)
                                                              every woman should have four pets... a mink in her closet, a jaguar in her garage, a tiger in her bed...and a jackass to pay for all of it
                                                            i know this sucks to say, but i hate when i root for a reality show contestant all season, and then in like episode 9 they mention the lord.
                                                                                                                                                   why do dogs make good sailors? they know their knots.
                                                                                                                 someone asked russell wilson if he wanted to win the super bowl. he said he would pass.
                                                                                                                                 what do you do with a green monster? put it in the sun until it ripens!
                                                                                                              if you want your wife to take you seriously, don't throw your sippy cup during an argument
                                                              why do women fake orgasms? i wish they'd just be honest. i've only faked an orgasm once, when i was being mugged..... that scared him off.
                                                                                                                         how is a rabbit similar to a plum? they are both purple, except for the rabbit.
                                                                  just saw a bird walking down the side of the road & yelled out my window, "you can fly, you stupid bird," because i am a mature adult.
                                                                                                                             so funny how "go to sleep" and "do parkour" sound exactly the same to kids.
                                                                                                                                                  what do you do if you see a spaceman? park in it, man.
                                                                                                                                 ai walks to the human ai: "i relieve you, sir!" human: "i am relieved."
                                                                                it's true i misunderstood what you meant by "take me to the bone zone" but you must admit this is a very nice graveyard.
                                                                                                        why people use twitter: because updating 100 times a day on facebook is not socially acceptable.
                                                                                                                                                              there once was an italian chef he pastaway
                                                                                                                                     i love easter. my unborn children get to play find the egg tonight.
                                                                                                                          why did lady gaga wear seashells to the vmas? because b-shells were too small.
                                                                                                                                            what do you call a gender confused toddler? a transves-tyke.
                                                                                                                                  i'm so fat that every time i log on reddit it is under a heavy load :(
                                                          they're giving caitlyn jenner another tv show apparently, they have her competing in the olympics again. it's going to be called "drag races".
                                                                 "do you know why i pulled you ov.. are you.. pinocchio?" yea, so what "is that a hooker?" uh.. nope, no *his nose hits the fuckin moon*
                                                                                                                                  why did tupac go to the gym? to get a sixpac! (thank you 7th grade me)
                         "one of my neighbours had half of his large intestine removed," i said to my mate. "did he end up in a coma?" he asked. "no," i replied, "but he did end up with a semi-colon."
                                                    what's the difference between a bad golfer and a bad sky diver? the bad golfer goes ::whack:: "damn it!" the bad sky diver goes "damn it!" ::whack::
                                                                                                                                      did you hear about the deaths from bird flu? they were all chicken
                                                                                                                                        a blind man walks in to a bar... ...and a chair...and a table...
                      boy-girl boy: the principal is so dumb! girl: do you know who i am? boy: no... girl: i am the principal's daughter! boy: do you know who i am? girl: no... boy: good! *walks away*
                                                                                                                                      what did the head say to the butt? better to be ahead than behind.
                                                                                                                                    not sure why everyone think im a cannibal... i just ate a sandwitch.
                                                                                                                                                             what's a canadian's favorite number? eight.
                                                          in lieu of the recent manhunt... the lapd's motto is "to protect and serve." i think they ought to change it to "we'll treat you like a king."
                                                                                              what did the body-building priest say after he was caught eating all the communion? i was putting on mass.
                                                                                                 how did the polish terrorist burn his lips? burned them on a cars tailpipe when he tried blowing it up.
                                                                                          the average american male... has a 5" penis but says it's 7". anyways, close enough....or a perfect 5/7 story?
                                                                                               stephen hawking's worn out two pair of shoes since the last time my co-worker said something intelligent.
                                                                                                                                            why do squirrels swim on their back? to keep their nuts dry.
                                                                                                                                this joke isn't fast. it's not slow either. i guess it's just half-fast.
                                                                                                                                           what do you call a galloping musician? ludvig van beethoofen.
                                                                                                                                       what to you call a russian with 3 bollocks? hudyaget dat-bollocov
                                                                                                                           what does the rapping shepard sing to his flock? ewe, crank that soldier boy!
                                                                                                                                              roses are red, violets are blue... 9/11 was an inside job.
                                                                                                             don't be that crazy person who collects cats. collect something else instead like toenails.
                                                                                            i like my women like i like my coffee.... well educated, independent, pretty looking and doesn't nag all day
                                                                                                                                           how do you make the best americanized chinese food? like tso.
                                                                               son just threatened to poke me in the 'belly butthole". pretty sure he meant belly button, but i'm on guard just in case.
                                                                    probably the hardest part of being an adult is trying to come up with excuses to tell your friends about why you go to bed so early.
                                                             i want to open a clock shop... the commercials will say: "i sell some of the finest wrist timepieces around. don't believe me? just watch."
                                                                                                                                        so i heard scalia died... now can we finally legalize marijuana?
                                                                                     the worst part of going on a date with a guy i don't like is how my grandma always dies before our food gets there.
                                                                               cop:do you know why i pulled you over miss? me:[takes a quick suck off helium balloon] no officer why? cop:lol, nevermind
                                                                          *at the pearly gates* st peter: welcome to heaven. i'll show you around. me: sooo many oysters must've died to make this gate.
                                                                                                                                i quit my job as a coffee shop manager the daily grind was just too much
                                                                                                                           how do you kill a thousand flies at once? slapping a nigerian kid in the face
                                                                                                      i woke up today with a blowjob... that's the last time i fall asleep on a train with my mouth open
                                                                                                                                                            who do you call for the console police? wiiu
                                                                  people of twitter: if you worry that you aren't creative enough, buy a gym membership and see how many excuses you find not to use it.
                                                                                                              knock knock who's there ! caterpillar ! caterpillar who ? caterpillar a few mice for you !
                                                                                                                                                has anyone had a glass of f5 lately? it's so refreshing.
                                                                     "you're beautiful. no, you're beautiful! no, no, you're beautiful. no no no. you're beautiful." -girls on facebook profile pictures
                                                                                                                                             what did the astronaut say to his girlfriend? i need space.
                                                                                                what did the golden male connector said when he plugged himself into the female sorry, i couldn't resist
                                                                                                         *drives up to liquor store door, honks horn *wine jumps off shelf, hops into my car *speeds off
                                                                                                                                                   why is the magnet on medication? because it's bipolar
                                                                                                                               what is black and white and red all over? a dalmatian with a bad sunburn.
                                                                                                                                               hard work pays off in in the future laziness pays off now
                                                                                                    what does a catholic priest and a silver medalist have in common? they both came in a little behind.
                                                                                                                                                    what do you call a crayon without any wax? a crayoff
                                                                 i want to go to gordon ramsey's restaurant, throw a plate of risotto against the wall, and say "whoever made this is a fucking donkey!"
                                                                                                                         #rubbishjokes noah's diary - 39th day: "the dragon pie was really scrumptious."
                                                                                                                                 what do you call a cow that starts it's own nudie magazine? hugh heifer
                                                            cashier: need to see some id me: you get a lot of 20yo guys buying tampons, diapers, grapes & whiskey? cashier: yup me: ok, here you go then
                                                                                                                                       i can tell when my skincare puns make you cry by how moisturiser.
                                                                                                                                                   how do you say brassiere in german? keepemfromfloppin
                                                                                                                             what do you get when you combine a christmas tree with an ipad? a pineapple
                                                                                       some people think that the way to a mans heart is through his stomach... ...i think they're aiming a little high.
                                                                                                       what's black and white and can't turn around in an elevator? a nun with a spear through her head.
    mute goes to a wedding... after the ceremony he won't let go of his dick and everyone's a little put off by his public display. with his free hand, he signs "speak now or forever hold your peace".
                                                                                                                                     what did the nazi do after world war ii? he became a veteran aryan.
                                                                                                                                                         i fucking hate gravity it keeps pulling me down
                                                                             therapist: so what happened in your last relationship? i lost him to addiction. therapist: i'm so sorry. drugs? yes please.
                                                              5 out of 5 coworkers think i should be wearing pants. all of them are from hr though, and who knew they could get to my cubicle that fast.
                                                            aliens are in space right now watching all these movies where tom cruise defeats them, and they are laughing so hard one just peed a little.
                                                                          i remember lying in bed as a kid, waiting for santa to come... then there was that awkward silence as he got dressed and left.
                                                                          i'm not saying my wife is fat... ...but when she lost her virginity, it wasn't so much a case of deflowering as deforestation.
                                                                     i don't trust public opinion polls because they don't take into consideration the fact that the public is made up of mostly idiots.
                                                                                                                                         every snail has a perfectly baked cinnamon bun inside its shell
                                                                                                    what's the difference between a hooker and a mosquito? the mosquito stops sucking after you slap it!
                                                                          [updating cw's iphone] m: you need more gigs cw: i don't need no gigs i got a job having a smart phone doesn't make you smart.
                                                             twitter has messed me up. now when someone says something i like in real life, i gently place my hand on their face and whisper "favorite".
                                                                                                                        q: why did the blonde jump off the cliff?  a: she thought her maxi pad had wings
                                                                                                                                                      what kind of vegetable is the hypest a turnup obvs
                                                                                                                                                                 how do you combat espionage? umbreonage
                                                                                    [outpost in the arctic circle] "i'm quitting, here's my 2 week notice" boss: the days last 6 months here "sonofa..."
                                                                   according to my girlfriend, a small penis shouldn't be a problem in any loving relationship. i still wish she didn't have one though.
                                                                                                                                                                       corduroy pillows making headlines
                                         i will be watching santa's journey on norad's website very carefully this year. if he goes to west africa before coming to the uk, i'm bricking the chimney up.
                                                            sometimes i'm scared i'll miss my kids when they move out but then i find a bowl of cereal in the bathtub tub and i'm not so scared anymore.
                                                                                                                                      i held the door open for a clown today... ...it was a nice jester.
                                                                                                                                 why didn't the fat duck have any friends? because he was ostrich-sized.
                                                                  [eating] waiter: how's the meal? me: i dunno. let me check *pulls out phone me: not good. it only got 2 likes on instagram waiter: ...
                                                                                                                                                          her phone display is brighter than her future.
                                                                             my dad doesn't see why he should pay a mechanic to rotate his tires. he says they're rotating the entire time he's driving!
                                                                   my friend and i decided to race our ford pintos. mine broke down three miles down the road. i had to walk the rest of the way. i won.
                                                                                       i'm getting really good at this parenting thing. i just secretly ate 3 oreos while my kids were in the same room.
                                                            cop: been drinking tonight, ma'am? me: no, i'm just dizzy b/c i'm having a heavy flow day. it's really clotty and... cop: you're free to go.
                                                                                         i don't know what nbc showed last night.. but it must have been awesome, everyone is sporting their colors now.
                                                                                                                                                             i see that your iq test came back negative.
                                                                                                   [oc] did you hear about the two fruits who weren't allowed to get married? turns out they cantaloupe.
                                                                                                                                             once you've seen one shopping center... you've seen a mall.
                                                                                                       mankind have spent time equal to 7857 years watching psy gangnam style only. shame on you people.
                                                                                                                                          change is inevitable except when it comes to vending machines.
                                                                                                      my girlfriends are like computers. i mistreat them, load them with viruses, and then i break them.
                                                                                                           people ask me what my secret is to losing weight and i tell them not having money to buy food
                                                                                                    when i was young, i used to think that wealth and power would bring me happiness. . . . i was right.
                                                                    why don't you see santa for the rest of the year? because for the rest of the year he's in prison for breaking into people's houses.
                                                                                                                                                             dyslexic man walks into a bra funny or nah?
                                                                                                                                                 why does a dirvorce cost so much? because it's worth it
                                                                                                            you know why miss piggy can't count to 70? she gets to 69 and has a frog in her throat. edit
                                                                                                                                           what do you call someone who really likes balloons? autistic.
                                                                                     what is it like, to be standing at the foot of an empty grave, not knowing who will one day be in it? unbereavable.
                                                                                                          what's the worst thing to hear after you have sex with steve buscemi? "i'm not steve buscemi."
                                                                                                                                                                     a drunk guy walks into a bar klang!
                                                                                                              i never dreamed that little pictures on a screen would feel like friends... yet here i am.
                                                                                                                         why did princess diana cross the road? because she wasn't wearing her seatbelt.
                                                                                                                                                     where does a muslim learn to swim? inshallah water.
                                                                                                                                                  in my will i am leaving everything to the imagination.
                                                                                                                                     what do you call a polish person going down a hill? a rollie pollie
                                                                                                                                                   when life hands you melons, you know you're dyslexic.
                                                                                                                         why did the brothel only employ ugly prostitutes? to increase *gross interest*!
                                                                        "pick a pencil. look at it. now put it back with the other pencils. was your pencil the number 2?"-steve, shitty pencil magician
                                                                glorious crime spree after being fired from wal mart., expertly hopping fences, chugging all the seeds out of my neighbors bird feeders,
                                                                                                          meanwhile on facebook, susan is doing a quiz, to find out what kind of sea monster, her ex is.
                                                                                                                                      knock knock (....) interrupting journalist (.. bang bang.... bang!
                                                                                                      noah in a pet shop "two of every animal please" "want any unusual examples?" "no, just arky-types"
                                                                                                                                                    whats a cannibals favorite game? swallow the leader.
                                                                                                                                      the best thing about hair glitter is that you don't have to use it
                  what's the difference between toddlers &amp; tiaras and a scat fetish? one's fucking shit, and the other is a scat fetish. just made it up, wondered how you guys thought it would be.
                                                                                   what does alcohol free beer taste like? like going down on your sister. it tastes the same but something's not right.
                                                                                                           cooking is actually really easy for anyone to do it's just that most people don't have thyme.
                                                                                                                                                        what do you call a pig with no legs? a groundhog
                                                                                                                                                                    this is why i failed out of collage.
                                                                                                           on a recent flight i was surprised to be served breakfast. although it was only plane yogurt.
                                                                                                            what's the difference between a peeping tom and a pickpocket? a peeping tom snatches watch's
                                                               i bought quick oats and two days later my roommate showed up with instant oats. i will not be humiliated; i must find an even sooner oat.
                                                                                                                                                  the best things in life are free. stealing is awesome.
                                                                                                                     what do you call a snobby criminal going downstairs? a condescending con descending
                                                                          dr: smoking weed causes memory loss me: how? dr: it just does me: what just does? dr: smoking weed causes memory loss me: how?
                                                                 how to keep a girl: buy her pizza touch her butt buy her pizza touch her butt buy her pizza touch her butt buy her pizza touch her butt
                                                                                                                                                              if i followed you home, would you keep me?
                                                                                                                                                    i'm naming my kid johncena because he was unexpected
                                                                        someone hit me in the head with a bottle of omega-3 tablets the other day. everything is ok; it was just a super fish oil wound.
                                                                                       there was a contest for the best pun. i submitted ten puns. i hoped that one would win, but... no pun in ten did.
                                                                                                     why are there rugs in front of the stove and the sink? so women know where to stand in the kitchen.
                                                                                               why do people always make such a fuss over how much a newborn weighs? it's a baby, not a stash of heroin.
                                                                                   i'm dreaming of getting rich like my father. wow your dad must be a rich man. no, he too is dreaming of getting rich.
                                                                                            i just watched a 15 year old girl who was busy texting walk into a light post and i am no longer an atheist.
                                                                                what is the difference between a poker card and africa? the sooner is the ace of spades and the latter, a space of aids.
                              a man walks into a bar with a piece of green tarmac on his head... the landlord says to the rest of the customers: "don't talk to him! he's a **cycle path**!" ba dum tss!
                                                             feedback 4 people revving motorbikes loud in residential areas: there is absolutely 0% chance that u r impressing literally a single person
                                                                                                   lpt: when weightlifting, always have a friend videotape it. because the camera always adds 10 pounds.
 "i was in a very generous mood today" a woman says to her friend. "i gave a poor beggar $25." "thats a lot of money to give away" says her friend. "what did your husband say?" "he said 'thank you'. "
                                                                                                                                                           what do you call a male suppository? a manpon
                                                                                                                            when a girl says, "i think we should talk," it's never about the bat mobile.
                                                                                                                                                                    you have the perfect face for radio.
                                                                                                                                         you mean.. people run? on purpose? when nobody is chasing them?
                                                                                                                                                 russian roulette 5/6 doctors say that its safe to play.
                                                                                                                                   why shouldn't you wear a watch on your belt? it'd be a waste of time.
                                                                                                        if i have 5 apples and i give you 2 of them, just take the other 3 cause i'm going out for tacos
                                                                                                                                    why can't mexicans play uno? because they steal all the green cards.
                                                                                                                                           what do you call a feline massage therapist? a cat scratcher.
                                                                                                                                                       relationships are easier if one of you is a cake.
                                                                  if laughter is the best medicine, then most facebook status updates are herpes, gonorrhea, hepatitis and syphilis all rolled into one.
                                                                                                                           you find it offensive?... i find it funny.... that's why i'm happier than you
                                                                                                                             this christmas i got a new car for my wife. i thought it was a great trade.
                                                                                                                                                                            pee pressure > peer pressure
                                                                                                                                       does this bloodstained bunny suit make me look mentally unstable?
                                                                                         my roofing business is having a great promotion right now... if you buy one roof, the next one is on the house.
                                                                                                                                       can you open your mouth without showing your teeth? you're hired.
                                                                                                           today i meet a man with a glass eye he didn't tell me, it just popped out in the conversation
                                                                                                                                                                   ovulation jokes aren't funny. period.
                                                                                                         looked at my pores in a 10x magnifying mirror and immediately cancelled my plans for the month.
                                                                                                                         botox doesn't make you look young, it makes you look like you think you're old.
                                                         who was the first person aaron hernandez called after the shooting? wes welker. everyone knows you need a white bronco to get away with murder.
                                                                                                                                                 what is vladimir putins favorite food? peaches and krim
                                                                                                                                                       what idiot named them twins instead of wombmates?
                                                                                                                                                            what do you do to dead chemists? you barium.
                                             how on earth can you defend a man like adam johnson? it's easy, he's all left foot - just constantly show him down the right side and don't let him cut in.
                                                                                                                                                            where do burgers go when they die? burgatory
                                                                                                                                             what noise does a nut make when it has a cold? ... casheww!
                                                                                                                         you know what the first sign of aids is, right? a severe pounding in the ass...
                                                                                                                sex between 3 people is a threesome, 2 is a twosome... does that make me a handsome guy?
                                                                                                                                                    major in freudian psychology minor in the back seat.
                                                                                                                                                     what do hutts use to program computers? jabbascript
                                                                                                  when chuck norris goes to vegas, he doesn't have to gamble. the casinos just give him stacks of money.
                                                                                                                     why did the bank robber go to the chiropractor? because he had a crook in his neck.
                                                                                                                              did you hear about the guy ducking charges of sheep rape? he's on the lam.
                                                                             have you heard the one about the mentally challenged couple making love? you probably don't want to, it's fucking retarded.
                                                                                          sitting here at starbucks, everyone looking at their phones and only one person's noticed mine's a calculator.
                                                                                                                                                                       twerking is the crocs of dancing.
                                                                         build a man a fire... build a man a fire and he'll be warm for a day set a man on fire, he'll be warm for the rest of his life.
                                                                                                                    if an elvis impersonator dies, doesn't he kind of become the best elvis impersonator
                                                   psychedelic playthings... so i should probably stop covering my child's toys in lsd and leaving them out... ... i've heard they can be a trip hazard.
                                                                                                                            i set my tinder to flint, michigan. its been fun! the chicks are so thirsty.
                                                                                                                                            what do you call a pediatrist speeding in michigan lead foot
                                               a mexican kid passes a note to his friend in class. "what do you think you're doing?" the observant teacher asks. to which he replies... "writing an ese"
                                                                                                   judging by the way some women wear makeup it's rather obvious they didn't excel at coloring as a kid.
                                                                                                 two lesbians lesbian 1: "hey! i finally found your dido!" lesbian 2: "great! i knew you had it in you!"
                                                                                                            a preachers son told him he was an atheist the preacher accepted it and was very supportive.
                                                                                                                             what do you call an ethiopian's birthday? a once in a lifetime opportunity.
                                                                                                                                                               reddit right now http://imgur.com/hcmqcju
                                                                                                                                    why was the mentally challenged midget crying? he was a little down.
                                                                                                                                  eating just one animal cracker is impossible. the entire herd must go.
                                                                                           dear milk of magnesia manufacturers: please add : 'don't trust a fart' to your side effects label. kthanksbye
                                                                         last year i took a visual design class... ...and our final exam was to design a fireworks display. i passed with flying colors.
                                                                                                                              how do we know that jews crucified jesus? they used one nail for both legs
                                                 i'm not saying my wife's a fat,...... i'm not saying my wife's a fat, greedy bitch, but she's just cleaned the cooker with two fucking slices of bread.
                                                                                                                 turned off my lights for "earth hour". i've never had so many other cars honking at me.
                                                                                                     my wife is the most beautiful, intelligent person standing right behind me reading my twitter feed.
                                                                                                                     great... this guy double parked his porsche, and now i've got paint all in my keys.
                                                                                    why do angelina jolie's shirts have such big pockets? for her lipstick :d (modified joke originally from sickipedia)
                         what do you call a man with a blood-covered axe with necklaces made of fingers running towards you? why the fuck are you still thinking what to call him? run and get the cops!
                                                                                                                                      i wanted to make a porno with a ghost.... but he only did boo-kake
                                                                                                  i've got a friend whose nickname is "shagger". you might think that's pretty cool. she doesn't like it
                                                                                                                               how many reddit mods does it take to change a lightbulb?[fixed] [removed]
                                                                                                                                       what happens when a vampire drinks too much? they get a fangover.
                                                                                                     homosexuals should be like my shirts when i'm not wearing them - quietly tucked away in the closet.
                                                                                                                                                            what's a pirates favorite letter? it's the c
                                                                                                                                                    did you here about the circus fire? it was in tents.
                                                                                          "jesus take the wheel" -an asian man telling the police that a mexican guy stole his rims off his honda civic.
                                                                                                           the barman says, "we don't serve superluminal particles in here." a tachyon walks into a bar.
                                                                                                                                        what do you do with epileptic lettuce? you make a seizure salad!
                                                                                                       4 out of 5 experts agree that when you put any 5 experts together, 4 out of 5 of them will agree.
                                                                                                                            the mohel q: did you hear about the short sighted mohel? a: he got the sack.
                                                                                                                          knock knock who's there ! czech ! czech who ? czech before you open the door !
                                my hard driving, asshole boss just quit the company, he announced he's moving to taiwan! apparently he has a taipei personality ... sorry for the taipo - /u/damn_wiston
                                                                                                                                                              whats the most handiest tool ever? a hand!
                                                                                                        imagine meeting the person of your dreams and then finding out they use cutlery to eat a burger.
                                                               i invented a new word. plagiarism. --- edit : this joke was invented by me and copyrighted. dare to take it and a lawsuit shall find you.
     it's like an orgasm in your mouth someone gave me a dessert and said "try this, it tastes like an orgasm in your mouth." i replied: "you know what tastes like an orgasm in my mouth? fifty bucks."
                                                                                                                          what do you call an animal with a long neck and a love for oranges? a jiraffa.
                                                                                                                why do feminists hate the portrayal of women in the media? because only men can be sexy.
                                                                                                                                                              if apple made a car would it have windows?
                                                             me: i hope you pee your pants, teach you not to hold it in! my daughter: you shouldn't wish for that..you're the one that does the laundry!
                                                            settle down twitter crush. i didn't ask your last name to google you. i wanted to see how it sounded with the names i've picked for our kids
                                                                                                                                                        what do they call pita bread in mexico? pita pan
                                                                                                                              "i'm an introvert!" -extrovert, after being alone for a whole ten minutes.
                                                                                                               the guy at the gym said rest days are really important, so i've been resting for 6 years.
                                                                       christopher walked walks in, he sits down and says... hey. guy. i threw a hotdog down, the highway. the hooker, was already dead.
                                                                 snapchat is going public in march with a $30 billion ipo. investors only hope the value of stock shares holds up longer than its snaps.
                                            doctor: "i'm sorry but you suffer from a terminal illness and have only 10 to live." patient: "what do you mean, 10? 10 what? months? weeks?!" doctor: "nine
                                                                                                                                            what do you call a pensioner at a murder trial? a juryatric.
                                                                              til sperm donors are paid $50 per donation. it was devastating. imagine all the money that has slipped through my fingers.
                                                                                                                                              the thing about penis jokes is.. they tend to grow on you.
                                                                                                                                         what did the duck say after it split the atom ? quark ! quark !
                                                                                   what kind of pants to mario and luigi wear? denim denim denim...denim denim demin i'll see myself out now...thank you
                                                                                                                           someone told me a story of a mountain climber... it ended with a cliffhanger.
                                                                                                                                                                beer makes you stupid.... budweiser too.
                                                                                                                                           what does a gay bird-keeper do for fun? he sucks a cockortwo!
                                                          paddy was rushed to hospital after he became slightly ill at the boxing gym it was only belly ache, but he tried to swallow the medicine ball.
                                                                                                                           what did the green grape say to the purple grape? "breathe damn it, breathe!"
                                                                                                                                                  what is a muslims favourite video game? goat simulator
                                                                                                                i just found out a distant relative of mine has eaten three people. it's a lot to digest
                                                                                                              it's kind of funny how so many people think that being gay is a choice but being fat isn't
                                                             wife: can you change the baby me: oh thank god. i'm so glad you said that. yes, yes i will wife: i don't mean swap it for a new one me: ...
                                                                                                                                             somebody messed up my small weighing scale. i was like 0mg!
                                                                 when i die, i'm not donating my body to science, but i might donate it to the english department and freak the shit out of some people.
                                                                                                                                          sex in a cornfield is sex in a cornfield called porn on a cob?
                                                                                                                                      where does santa go for a sexy carwash? one whore soap-and-sleigh!
                                                                                                                                                                     tiger woods: cool name, scary place
                                                                               a physicist sees a man about to jump off the empire state building... he yells "don't do it! you have so much potential!"
                                                                                                        if you are making love to music, use live album cos you get a round of applause every 3 minutes.
                                                                                                                               an iceberg caused the titanic to sink.. lettuce have a moment of silence.
                                                                                                                            rhianna how does rhianna look after a date with chris brown? white and gold.
                                                                                                                                  what do you call a group of yogurt loving boat enthusiast? a yacult...
                                                                                                                   how can you tell if a girl is under 18? ask her if she is a bernie sanders supporter.
                                                                                                                                                 what's red and orange and looks great on hippies? fire.
                                                                                                        i hate when i'm in a room with 3 other people, & i have to shove the entire kit kat in my mouth.
                                                                                                      what song did the gay guy sing on his way back from vacation in thailand? goodbye yellow dick road
                                                                                                                        have you heard the one about the bed? no? that's 'cause it hasn't been made yet.
                                                                                                                              did you hear about our camping trip? it was in tents! i'll see myself out.
                                                                                                 so i have a pretty good fathers day joke can't wait to tell my dad when he finally brings the milk home
                                                                                    my dad recently fell for one of those nigerian prince scam emails. i feel bad for him but i really needed the money.
                                                                                                                                                           what's gray and comes in quarts? an elephant.
                                                                                       went to the dog car dealership. i could tell the salespeople were friendly, since i got all the volkswagen at me!
                                                                                     if i could have back all the money i've spent on drugs and alcohol, i'd celebrate by buying more drugs and alcohol.
                                                                                  the old lady at the bank an old lady at the bank asked me if i could help her check her balance. so i pushed her over.
                                                                                 "those who forget history are doomed to repeat it." in which case, there sure are a lot of amnesiacs on this subreddit.
                                                                                                                  do you know what pinocchio and your dad have in common? they were both inside a whale.
                                                                                                                                              if you're a douchebag, it's so easy to find the right hat.
                                                                                                               why don't male dogs date? they think all women are bitches. ... dogs are terrible people.
                                                                                                          who are the world's fastest readers? 9/11 victims. they went through 80 stories in 10 seconds.
                                                                                           there's so much sexism in this world. just once i'd like to see a maury show titled "you are not the mother".
                                                                                                        how many bugs does it take to screw in a lightbulb? just two, as long as they can find a way in.
                                                                                                      how do you know princess diana had dandruff? because her head and shoulders were on the dashboard.
                                                                                                                                                         what did the sushi say to the bee? wassabee?!?!
                                                                                                                                what did the little boy say to the priest? haha, now we *both* have aids
                                                                                                                                       what are your thoughts on monorails? they make decent one-liners.
                                                                                                                             i've made myself a girlfriend out of plastic food wrap. she's a bit clingy.
                                                                                               i traded my alarm clock for a koala so i can sleep until he starts begging for leaves which's like 3 days
                                                                                                                                              trump is going to take out these mexicans... juan by juan.
                                                                                              really sad news from the entertainment industry. justin bieber was found alive in his apartment yesterday.
                                                                                                  this comes from a good place in my heart, homeless people build the best forts i've ever fucking seen.
                                                                                                                                                  i spend so much time alone i may as well just be ugly.
                                   people always ask me why i procrastinate.. they say, "you know, the early bird gets the worm." i just respond, "yes, but it's the second mouse that gets the cheese."
                                                                                                                                                                 what do gay horses eat? hayyyyyyyyyyy!!
                                                                                                                                        congratulations usa we have officially gone black and gone back.
                                                             you hurt the feelings of a person who was once the crush of a person who was once a friend of mine so you're a bad person. ~ internet logic
                                                                                                                                                        where do poor italians live? in the spaghetto...
                                                                                                                                                there's a spider on my calculator. must be an arachnerd.
                                                                                                                                                     how do you call the mexican who lost it car? carlos
                                                                                                                                                          what do you call 256 shades of grey? grayscale
                                                              would i miss my leg or my arm more? (me, lying in bed, deciding which to put outside the blanket for the monster under the bed to rip off)
                                                                                                 "arghh a house spider" [spider removes earbuds] "yah actually im more into ambient trance but whatever"
                                                                                                                                my new girlfriend says she has a water fetish apparently it gets her wet
                                                                                                                                                                 babies are just footballs that can cry.
                                                                         when an episode of walker texas ranger was aired in france, the french surrendered to chuck norris just to be on the safe side.
                                                                                                                          my boyfriend just texted me, "we need to talk." i think he's going to propose!
                                                                                                                                                 what will it take to reunite nirvana? two more bullets.
                                                            when i worked for the usps a number of years ago i found the work to be slightly monotonous. it really helped me work on my delivery though.
                                                                          a 15 year old took gold in the olympics and then there is me whose greatest accomplishment is getting up to 10 on flappy bird.
                                                               -i'm just gonna have 1 drink before dinner -i'm just gonna have 1 drink with dinner -i'm just gnna hav 1 aftdinr drk -i pishd ma pnts gen
                                                                                                                                                 twitter is the world's largest voluntary police lineup.
                                                                                                                                                      i like my women like i like my cold meats in-bread
                                                                                                                                                  what has 10 letters and starts with gas? an automobile
                                                            what is the difference between a poor marksman and a constipated owl? one can shoot but can't hit and the other one can hoot but can't shit.
                                                                                                     i like my women like i like my doctors always asking me to take my clothes off whenever i see them.
                                                                                                                                   why should optometrists never tell jokes? because they're too cornea.
      the interviewer asked me, "what's your worst quality?" i said, "i tend to speak my mind." he said, "i don't think that's necessarily a bad thing..." i said, "i don't give a fuck what you think."
                                                                                          i didn't believe my friend that you can't get big muscles without supplements ... turns out it's the only whey
                                                                                                                    from my 11 year old cousin: what do you get if you cross a pond with snowshoes? wet.
                                                                                                                   if i had to rate racist jokes... i would rate black jokes a 3/5 and arab jokes a 9/11
                                                                                                                           how can you tell when a canadian is successful? he dies in his la home at 82.
                                                                                                                                                   9/11 was an inside job "but the planes were outside!"
                                                                                                                                         cop: do you know why i pulled you over? me: i'm not sure. over.
                                                                           5-year-old: my teacher said this project needs adult supervision. me: ok, what do you need me to do? 5-year-old: go find mom.
                                                                                                                                 two fish were in a tank... one says to the other: you shoot, i'll drive
                                                                                                        the worst part of seeing a spider in the shower was the way it covered it's eyes when it saw me.
                                                                                                                                 did you hear about the eskimo couple? one cold night, she broke it off!
                                                                                               thanks iphone autocorrect, i'm sure my dad wanted to know that i miss going on our weekend fisting trips.
                                                             *white girls at restaurant* *orders 5 course meal* *posts pictures of food onto instagram* "check! we're done here" *leaves without eating*
                                                                                                                             "i'd uberblack for you." - what i assume a pick up line in 2016 sounds like
                                                                             the ira have been fighting for irish reunification since the 70s. . . all they needed to do was vote for the conservatives.
                                                              [book club] me: so last weeks assignment was fight club by chuck palahniuk. what did everyone think? steve: paul: jane: sarah: mark: dave:
                                                                                                                                              what is the issue with dr. dre's releases? chronic delays.
                                                                                                                 dial 3 2 1 2 3 3 3 2 2 2 3 6 6 to get a beautiful rendition of "mary had a little lamb"
                                                                                                                     why did mary magdalene have an affair with jesus? she heard about his second coming
                                                                i should have known my son was stealing from his road construction job, but every time i came home i guess i just ignored all the signs.
                                                                                                                                        who is 50 feet tall, has a blue ox and kills co-eds? ted bunyan.
                                                                                                                                        did you know that diarrhea is hereditary? it runs in your genes!
                                                                                                                      tifu by forgetting that today is fathers day but it's actually on the 21st...soooo
                                                             i was discredited as a paleontologist when my discovery of a new dinosaur species turned out to be the skeleton of clifford the big red dog
                                                                                                             there are two typos of people in the world... ... those who proofread, and those who don't.
                                justin trudeau announces free lazer eye surgery for all canadians in 4 years... when asked why he put forward this proposal, he responded by saying "because it's 2020".
                                                                                                                                         why is 6 afraid of 7... because 7 is a registered sex offender.
                                                                                                     hey, if anyone needs help raising their kids, come talk to me. i've been one for 30 some years now.
                                                                                       what does a tornado and a woman have in common? it starts with a little blowing but at the end your house is gone
                                                                                                                               one day you're the best thing since sliced bread. the next, you're toast.
                                                                                                                                            what's green, sticky and smells like eucalyptus? koala vomit
                                                                                                                        q: how much does it cost for a pirate to get his ears pierced? a: a buck an ear.
                                                                                                          there are 10 types of people in the world... those who understand binary, and those who don't.
                                                                                     racism is institutionalized throughout the us why else would black history be celebrated during the shortest month!
                                                                                                                                                           what does the ghost of al pacino say? boo-ah!
                                                                                                         what is the difference between a priest and a zit? a zit wait to come on your face till your 13
                                                                                                                                   i won 5th place in the swimming competition! there were only 5 of us.
                                                                  i've got my girlfriend working on her gag reflex... ...i haven't got a big dick or anything, she just throws up when she sees me naked
                                                          my father once told me, "son, you're not an african't american, you're an african american't." just kidding. i'm black. i don't have a father.
                                                                                          my wife has a tatoo of a shell on the inside of her thigh if you put your ear against it you can smell the sea
                                                                                                                                             if humans have politics, then what do bees have? pollentics
                                                                                   how many republicans does it take so screw in a light bulb? none, obama's already screwed it for you. (thanks, obama)
                                                                                                                              i just heard about a cannibal who passed a missionary on the jungle trail.
                                                                                             excuse me waiter, i didn't ask for dessert. i asked for desert. now get me a bowl of sand and a baby camel.
                                                                                                                                           what's as big as a horse but weighs nothing? a horses shadow!
                          the woods so a guy is walking with a young boy into the woods. boy "hey mister its getting dark out and i'm scared," man "how do you think i feel, i have to walk back alone."
                                                                                   my friends always say that i have narcissistic tendencies. i should get mad... ...but i love when they talk about me.
                                                                                                                                              what do you call a pimp with his whores? a guard and hoes.
                                                                                                                                           why is reddit the best place for freedom of speech? [removed]
                                                                              girl, are you my brake pads and rotors? because i'd like to grind on you until you groan loudly and i have to replace you.
                                                            today i forgot to comb my hair, but people thought i was nice. then, nothing of consequence happened. so today was every michael cera movie.
                                                     i saw the youtube-comment-jokes and raise you the edition i found while listening to skrillex! https://dl.dropbox.com/u/87956689/reddit/youtube.png
                                                                                                               under the sea, under the sea...wouldn't the water pressure crush mermaids, realistically?
                                                                                                  "so you spend 6 bucks on a beverage that has no booze in it on purpose?" -me to everyone at starbucks.
                                                                                                                                                         what's donald trumps favourite album? the wall.
                                                                                                                                                                 "i'm old." -everyone over the age of 18
                                                                                                                what did the elephant say to the naked man? how do you breathe out of that little thing?
                                                                is this your resume? "yep" it just says you used to leave shit at your friends' doors, ring the bell & run away "oh yes" welcome to ups!
                                                                    what did the man with the world's largest penis say when he had to have his legs amputated "don't worry, i still have my third one."
                                                                                i saw two priests eating dinner the other day... ... didn't know if i should send them a bottle of wine or an altar boy.
                                                                            q: why did the blonde have tire tread marks on her back? a: from crawling across the street when the sign said "don't walk".
                                                                                                                                            what floats like a butterfly and stings like a bee? nothing.
                                                                                                                        what do you call a lesbian in a ford windstar filled with penises? dick van dyke
                                                                                   always heard this on the playground growing up... pete and repeat were in a boat, but pete fell out. who was left?...
                                                                          some people are too chipper early in the morning. they don't realize how bad it is for their health.....until i'm choking them
                     fucking irony. my girlfriend of 2.5 years wants a threesome, but doesn't want to share me with other girl..... update, she would consider if she was witn me and some unknown girl.
                                                                                                                                   what did the koalas say after getting in a fender bender? eucalyptus.
                                                                                                                                                                                      donald trump yeah.
                                                                                                            why is it better to hire fifty $20 hookers rather than a single $1000 escort? more poorgasms
                                                                                                                  i'm sick of women staring at my spaceship. it's like, hello, my tentacles are up here!
                                                                                                   why is congress like a cold? because sometimes the ayes (eyes) have it and sometimes the no's (nose).
                                                                                                                                                             cogito ergo spud. i think, therefore i yam.
                                                                                                                                              jesus??? nah, vishnu is my copilot...he's got like 4 arms.
                                                                              what did the artist say to himself before drawing his first penis? "i'm gonna have to think long and hard about this one."
                                                                                                                      whats more bruised than an old apple? my asshole after a night with caitlyn jenner
                                                                                                                          i swear, just as she was falling asleep, my seven-year-old murmured "giggity."
                                                                teacher: fill out the parent form. me: why? teacher: so i can contact you if your kid gets in trouble. me: *writing* raised. by. wolves.
                                                                                                                                         thank you for explaining the word "many" to me. it means a lot.
  i went to the movies yesterday, and i met the most insensitive homophobe there i mean, just the mere sight of me masturbating sent him off on a rant about "morals" and "his children" and "security".
                                                                     married girls are so lucky. they can post anything they want on here because they already tricked some dumb guy into marrying them.
                                                                   chinese takeout, $15.00, gas to get there, $1.50.... ... getting home to find they've forgotten one of your dishes. ... ... riceless.
                                                                                                                                      if horses could talk i reckon they'd mostly just say 'get off me'.
                                                                                         a man asked robin hood, "would you rob from the rich to give to the poor?" to which he replied, "i sher-would."
                                                                                                         yo mamma's so fat when she went on vacation, the locals correctly identified her as an american
                                                                                                                                     why did mother nature trip the last day of summer? to make it fall.
                                                                                                                                     what's the top song by the vietnamese beatles? rice fields forever.
                                                                                                                      women call me ugly until they find out what i make then they call me ugly and poor
                                                                                                                                             you can lead a horticulture ...but you can't make her think
                                                                                   a friend of mine is really into a tribe called quest... ... i'd buy him an album, but i left my wallet in el segundo.
                                                                                                                           what do mathmeticians do when they are constipated? work it out with a pencil
                                                                [kisses daughter goodnight] sleep tight. "daddy, where do babies come from?" um, the stork. [stork knocks on bedroom window] he's lying.
                                                                                                well if crime fighters fight crime and fire fighters fight fire ... .....what do freedom fighters fight?
                                                                                                                                                                  what has 9 arms and sucks? def leppard
                                                                    #thoughtsinmyhead 1. how much wine can a cat drink? 2. how do you resuscitate a drunk cat? 3. will they do an autopsy on a dead cat?
                                                        what's the difference between a dirty bus stop and a lobster with breast implants? one is a crusty bus station, the other is a busty crustacean.
                                                                                                                                                          what if the daleks start eating an apple a day
                                                                                                                                   what did the record holder for the world's longest coma get? a trophy
                                                                                                                     what did the poet with hemorrhoids say? i'm stuffin the puffin back into my muffin.
                                                                                                                    spain are blaming their loss this evening on the weather. apparently it was 2 chile.
                                                                [ phone call ] wife: you want the white 7" or the black 9". me: the black 9". ..and if she wasn't tablet shopping this would be awkward.
                                                                                                                                                in britain, brexit means brexit... and trump means fart.
                                                                                                                           what do you call a cannibal who eats a lot of cereal eaters a cereal eater...
                                                                              what did the boy with no hands get for christmas? gloves! just kidding. i don't know what he got. he hasn't opened it yet.
                                                            recall how as children we were told not to make ugly faces because we'd "stick that way?" careful. it works for dumbing ourselves down, too.
                                                                                                                                i'm not a racist because racism is a crime and crime is for black people
                                                                                                         if pringles really wanted the fun to never stop they'd make those tube things like 5 feet long.
                                                                                                                                      what do we want? time travel! when do we want it? it's irrelevant!
                                                                                                                        what's black and doesn't work? [very nsfw] bryce williams' sense of perspective.
                                                                                                             how do you kill a blonde? put a scratch and sniff sticker on the bottom of a swimming pool.
                                                                                                                               why do some loudspeakers have holes? for the pleasure of the audiophiles.
                                                                                             me: i could tell you, but i'd have to- him: kill me? hahaha me: no, talk to you. and i don't wanna do that.
                                                                                          a mime once nearly had me convinced that a wall was actually there... ...but it was just an obstacle illusion.
                                                                                                                 i asked my north korean friend how it's like over there.. he said he couldn't complain.
                                                                                                                                              life keeps reminding me that i have no idea what i'm doing
                                                                                                                 ocean's eleven? ummmm i'm pretty sure it's a little older than that. who is this idiot?
                                                                                                        local video store is offering a chance to win free ipads, so naturally, i reported them as spam.
                                                                                                last year i felt miserable and depressed, but now i turned that around.. now i'm depressed and miserable
                                                                      i just got fired for looking up clown videos on my lunch break. my boss didn't buy that "lisa ann gets creampied" is a clown video
                                                                       i had an interview today. the guy interviewing me asked me where i saw myself in 5 years... i told him i didn't have 2020 vision.
                                                                                                            what did the baby owl's parents say when he wanted to go to a party? you're not owld enough.
                                    'why are you crying ted ?' asked his mum. 'because my new sneakers hurt.' 'that's because you have put them on the wrong feet.' 'but they are the only feet i have.'
                                                                                                            george invited all his friends for a no-masturbation get-together they came within the hour.
                                                                     my oldest played with bpa free toys that i sterilized constantly. my youngest is playing with a metal coat hanger and a aa battery.
                                                                                                                                                  what is the cuban national anthem?  ''row your boat!''
                                                                                                                                                                   what's up? this guy! (points at self)
                      the doctor with his patient the doctor to the patient: you are very sick' the patient to the doctor: can i get a second opinion?' the doctor again: yes, you are very ugly too...'
                                                                                 dear spouse: when i said i needed more physical contact, i was not aiming for you to high five me whenever i walk by...
                                                                                          this lady at the store didn't know what a toblerone was and i've honestly never been more offended in my life.
                                                                                                        seize the day. attack the week. murder the month. approach your life in a generally violent way.
                                                                                                          i heard your mom won a gold medal! i didn't even know they had sumo wrestling at the olympics!
                                  there's that moment when you put your steak on the grill and your mouth waters all over from that amazing smell... do you vegans feel the same when you mow the grass?
                                                                                                                                                                         i have a great 90's joke! not!!
                                                                                                    i like to lie down on the top of a hill, then tumble down to the bottom. that's just the way i roll.
                                                                                                                                                  this guy.. igg.me/at/bustofabney why is this a thing??
                                                              when you're on a diet everything smells like cookies. except the guy beside me on the city bus. he smells like sardines delicious sardines
                                                                                                                            a man with his hands in his pants is not crazy... ...he's just feeling nuts!
                                                                                                                        what did the vet say about the maimed donkey? wow, that ass sure took a pounding
                                                                                                                        a computer once beat me at chess... ...but it was no match for me at kickboxing.
                                                                                                                                                       "damn girl are you?" -existentialist pick-up line
                                                                                                                                damn girl are you a mouse because your body is decomposing in my drywall
                                                                                                                   just because someone says, i love you, doesn't automatically mean they love just you.
                                                                                                                                                why was the plumber stressed? he had a high pressure job
                                                                   i fill my pockets with glitter so when people ask me for money, i can turn them out to show that i'm broke, but still a little fancy.
                                                                                                    dear sharks: you may get your own week on tv, but house cats get their own eternity on the internet.
                                                                                                 how many feminists does it take to change a lightbulb? trick question. feminists can't change anything.
                                                                                                 what is the difference between unlawful and illegal? one is against the law and the other is sick bird.
                                                                                             i'm starting to wonder if people just sneak into north korea for a chance to hang out with an ex-president.
                                                                                                         mike tyson is a passionate, sensitive man, who cries after making love. ...because of the mace.
                                                   how to make employees fool!!! each employee will receive 104 annual leave days a year ( wow! said 1 employee). they are called saturdays and sundays.
                                                                                                                                   what does mr. miyagi do during his alone time? whacks on, whacks off.
                                                                                             what did the pirate say after his first-mate stuck the wheel in his pants? "arghh! you're driving me nuts!"
                                                                                                                                                                     best joke ever! the dallas cowboys.
                                                                                                                                                         "the floor is lava" -everyone, pompeii, 79 a.d.
                                                                                                                           why don't boxers have sex before a fight? because they don't like each other.
                                                                                        being an adult is basically that feeling when the fireworks are over and it's time to go home, but all the time.
                                                                                                                                                                           jokes what is a good bee joke
                                                               people often ask me why i'm single and how surprised they are then after speaking to me for 15 mins they say they can understand why i am
                                                                 a breakfast buffet at my funeral so people will be happy. but with soy bacon and chia seed pancakes so they know it's a time to grieve.
                                                                                                      i tried to take a dump on an airplane. tsa was none too please when they had to clean out the tray
                                                         i just got rear ended... ...and as i got out of the car, without even realizing how funny it was, i said "that's a pain in the ass" true story.
                                                                                                        saw bono kissing himself in the mirror. i looked at him in disgust and said.... "get a room u2!"
                                                                                                                    just received a thank-you card from someone i sent a thank-you card to. oh, it's on.
                                                                                                 whenever i have trouble getting out of a hot shower, i simply count down from 100. today i got to -634.
                                                                                                                   what happens if you tell a psychiatrist you are schizophrenic? he charges you double.
                                                                                                                                                ad for letuce: do u- hey do u ever wish u coud eat water
                                                                                                               i thought being patronized would be cool until they explained it did not involve tequila.
                                                                                                                      apparently o.j. simpson is getting remarried he decided to take another stab at it
                                                                                                                                                 it's so cold outside my nipples just typed this status.
                                                                                                                        what's the worst news for a nascar driver before a race? "the track is alright."
                                                                                                                                  you know your a redneck when...... _______________ (fill in the blank)
                                                                                          i had a blind date last night at least i think it was a date. the blindfold and duct tape was a bit different.
                                                                                                                             [nsfw] what do you get when you fuck a dead person in the ass? cold cumfart
                                                                               boys love mysterious girls so don't be afraid to show up to dates with a shovel and a smear of fresh blood on your collar
                                                                                                                                                     impress an asian chick by treating her as an equal.
                                                                                                                         out with the cat for a walk. we are still at my doorstep. it's been 15 minutes.
                                                                      me: table for four, please. and can we get some crayons? her: will there be children dining today? me: no. the crayons are for me.
                                                                                                  how many hipsters does it take to screw in a light bulb? it's an obscure number, you wouldn't know it.
                                                                                                                                                my new year's resolution is... ...running at 1680 x 1050
                                                                                                                                            me: shout out to all my homies! homies: stop shouting at us.
                                                                                                                       a roman walks into a bar. he holds up two fingers and says, "five beers, please."
                                                                                                                                                         what do you call a communist sniper? a marxman.
                                                                                                                                    what do you call a female dog with a ph level above 7? a basic bitch
                                                                                                                                why did the pervert cross the road? he still had his dick in the chicken
                                                                                                                                       what do you call a warm glass of piss in the forest? a bear trap.
                                                                                                                                       where do you find a one legged dog? wherever you fucking left it!
                                                                                 give a woman a compliment and you'll eat for a day. force a woman to fish for compliments and she'll feed someone else.
                                                                                                                                                       why wasn't sean connery standing? he had to shit.
                                                                                                                                 so a muslim man walks into an elementary school... to pick up his wives
                                                                                                        sorry, i can't delete any of my voicemails cause then people would be able to leave me a new one
                                     canada has done well in removing the patriarchal effect on its society. even their economy reflects it - now, _every_ worker gets 77 cents for every dollar earned.
                          a black man walks into a music store... ...and asks an employee if they have anything by 'the doors'. to which the employee responds "yeah, two security cameras, so get lost"
                                                                                                                     room service: would you like your glass of wine before din...me:(interrupting) yes.
                                                                                                        i'm a pretty confident woman until i walk out of the grocery store & try to find where i parked.
                                                                                                                                             what do you someone with no body and no nose? nobody knows!
                                                            [at last supper] *jesus raises bread* this is my body *raises wine* & my blood *pulls out 8 of clubs* & this is your card *apostles go nuts*
                                          you know those dirty movies that come on late at night? if one of those actresses doesn't feel comfortable doing a certain dirty scene, they use a cunt double
                                                                                                                 what was the name of king arthur's fattest knight? sir cumference. (he ate too much pi)
                                                                                   a man walks into a bar and orders a double nebraska. the bartender turns around and says "sorry, we don't have *ne*."
                                                                                                                                        "stop pointing at my daughter!" - kanye west yells at a compass.
                                                                                      what do you call it when a man screams at a woman abuse what do you call it when a woman screams at a man feminism
                                                                                                                                  250 dogs escaped from the spca police are following a number of leads.
                                                                                                                                                                    what do... gay horses eat...?? hey!!
                                                                                                                                                                 what do wolves even want from the moon?
                                                                                          i had a job building porta-potties i had a job building porta - potties but people would shit all over my work
                                                               great opinion from a stupid girl ! girl: you would be a good dancer except for two things. boy: what are the two things? girl: your feet.
                                                                                             detective: why did you dump those vegetables on my desk? criminal: you said it was time to spill the beans.
                                                                                                                                         i just opened a shop called beatbox. we only sell boots n cats.
                                                                                                                       why were there coffe beans at the subway station? because they were under-ground.
                                                                                                                                   i'm an adult. i don't cry over spilt milk unless it has coffee in it.
                                                                                                                                         what is hitlers favorite yugio card? the blue eyes white dragon
                                                                                                                                                my ex wife still misses me but her aim is getting better
                                                                                                              how can you tell if an elephant has been in the fridge? there are footprints in the butter
                                                                                                                  movie law: all computer hackers have to say "we're in" when they get into "the system"
                                                             if you think you have a stupid question, just remember nasa engineers once asked sally ride if 100 tampons were enough for a 7 day mission.
                                                                         "i can hear my annoying neighbor crying to adele's new song as she throws away her empty, clinking beer bottles." - my neighbor
                                                            "the bond's name. james name" pleased to... what? "bond name's the james" are you alright? "bames nond's having a stronk, call a bondulance"
                                                                                                                                                        make the little things count, teach midgets math
                                                                                                                                                            jokes are like food... not everyone gets it.
                                                                                                                  is it wrong to hate a certain race? because i really don't like running the 400m dash.
                                                                                                                               whats the world weakest animal ? a toad he croaks if you even touch him !
                                                                                                                                       my dentist said i have a very wet mouth. *updates dating profile.
                                                                            i found my dad sniffing my sister's underwear. it wouldn't have been that awkward had she not been wearing them at the time.
                                                                                                                    where do you touch a woman to give yourself the most pleasure? the back of her head.
                                                                         the wife just asked if she looked ok in her new pants.. she did... but i paused to long,,,,,,,,,,,,,please send an ambulance...
                                                                                                                                                      my friend told me to sing wonderwall i said maybe.
                                                                           thoughts some think the economy is slowly recovering. others think it's on the verge of collapse. i think about boobs mostly.
                                                                                                                                          what's the hardest part of a vegetable to eat? the wheelchair.
                                                                                                                                           how do hens encourage their football teams? they egg them on!
                                                                                                                                                         i was going to post a gay joke.... butt fuck it
                                                                                                                     pro tip - if a hot sexy female sends you a friend request on facebook.. reject him.
                                                                                                                            to the lady who keeps banging on my door at night.. i'm not letting you out.
                                                                                                                    what's the difference between a person with a forehead and a fivehead? a sixth sense
                                                                                                                                              what do you call a sailor's hitch in the arctic? knot cool
                                                                                                                                      i was once a man stuck in a woman's body then my mother gave birth
                                                 there once was a man from kent... who's dick was so long that it bent to save him much trouble he put it in her double and instead of cumming, he went.
                                                                                                                                                            how does nasa organize a party? they planet.
                                            people who comment alternate punchlines can just fuck off like do they not realize how not funny it sounds after reading the original joke (okay come at me)
                                                                                                                                                            for hire: unemployed dwarf no job; too small
                                                                                                                                                  whenever you find four priests... you'll find a fifth.
                                                                                                                            what do you call moby dick when he washes up on a sandbar? a bleached whale!
                                                                                                                              my uncle was a fiend for oral and older women. we called him the aunteater
                                                                                                                                                          what do you call a black asian bird? croatian.
                                                                                                    air and sex q: why is air a lot like sex? a: because it's no big deal unless you're not getting any.
                                                                                                   in high school i dated a girl that pronounced the l in salmon. last i heard of her she was doing meth
                                                                          someone broke into my house last night... they took all my soap, shampoo, deodorant and toothpaste. they made a clean getaway.
                                                                                                                 what is the difference between jam and marmalade? i can't marmalade my dick in your ass
                                                                                                                          "doctor i think i need glasses!" "you certainly do sir, this is the butchers."
                                                                                a walk in the woods helps me relax and release tension. the fact that i'm dragging a body behind me should be irrelevant
                                                                                                                                                     what do you call a pretentious coffee? a latte-dah!
                                                                                                                 are you surprised at life in general or is that just the way you plucked your eyebrows?
                                                                                                                            loomis: does your dog have a license? fenton: hell no! i do all the drivin'.
                                                                                                                                     what did the pope say to the hot atheist girl? shake that blasphemy
                                                                                                                                          why did the chicken cross the road? i forget how jokes work :/
                                                                                         forget sex positions, has anyone found a reading position that doesn't get uncomfortable after about 5 minutes?
                                                                                                                           skin divers how many skin divers does it take to circumcise a blue whale four
                                                                                                                                 if the bird of peace if the dove, what's the bird of love? the swallow.
                                                                                                                                                          what's a dragracers favourite meal? brake-fast
                                                                      - how many survivors of nuclear war does it take to screw in a light bulb? - none. people that glow in the dark don't need lights.
                                                                                                                                             wanna hear a joke about my dick? never mind, it's too long.
                                                             (interview for construction job) foreman: your resume is just pictures of legos? me: (proudly) didn't even have to look at the instructions
                                                                                                                                                                  what has 5 arms and rocks? def leppard
                                                                                                 apparently googling "how to get suspended with pay" from my work computer is frowned on by my employer.
                                                                        "would u like some dessert?" i ask the moose head above the fireplace "no thanks im stuffed" i reply, in a slightly deeper voice
                                                                                                            i was at a hat shop and the sign read, "all caps must go!" ...and i thought what hypocrites!
                                                                                         i love it when all my iphone apps tremble in fear when i'm about to delete one of them. makes me feel like god.
                                                             what did clinton say when accused of copying  his homework from his girlfriend at oxford? i did not have textual relations with that woman.
                                                                                                                                                  what do you call a lady pig planting seeds? a sow sow.
                                                                                                                                         a postcard home: the weather is here. wish you  were beautiful.
                                                                                                                                                       what's orange and sounds like a parrot? a carrot.
                                                                                                                   whats the best thing about dating a cleveland cavaliers fan? they never expect a ring
                                                                                                                                      how do you spell a hated opponent with three letters? nme (enemy).
                                                                                                my dad has a piece of paper where he keeps a list of all his mistakes. he calls it my birth certificate.
                                                                                                                                   the jews rated their trips to auschwitz... they all gave it one star.
                                                                              it's all fun and games until you notice the "rocket" in your son's lego launchpad came from the drawer in your nightstand.
                                                                                                                                 what do they call deepthroating in asia? they don't have a word for it.
                                                                                                                                                   how many french eggs do you need? one egg is un oeuf.
                                                                                                                                                     where do italian gangsters come from? the spaghetto
                                                                                                      what is the difference between a blonde and a mosquito? when you slap a mosquito it stops sucking!
                                                                                                                     it sucks that bowtie pasta is the only edible formal wear my grocery store carries.
                                                                                                  every time i walk into a store with my dad worker: "can i help you?" dad: "no, he was born like that."
                                                                                                                                                             what do you call 1000 aches? a *kilohurtz*.
                                                                                                                                             i used to steal funny jokes i still do, but i used to, too.
                                                                                                                                                      it is too hot in india now there's a cap for that.
                                                                                                                       imagine if a guy with a stutter was named history because history repeats himself
                                                                                                                 mexican &amp; black jokes are all the same, once you've heard jaun, you've heard jamal.
                                                                                                                                 what do you call a room full of amish prostitutes? a furry fish market.
                                                                      i get really freakin pissed off when complete strangers ask me a lot of questions. so no... the job interview didn't go very well.
                                                                                   i'm 10 times more likely to get mugged in colorado than i am in new york city. because i don't live in new york city.
                                                                                                                          i saw that caitlin jenner was missing... on the side of a half-and-half carton
                                                                                                                 me and my friends started a band called 1,023 megabytes... we haven't gotten a gig yet.
                                                                                                                    if anyone asks, i'm drinking all this wine to collect corks for a pinterest project.
                                                                                                                                        i broke up with my penis, so i wrote a song... called "so long".
                                                                                                 how do you tell if someone is being a karma whore? edit: wow i didn't expect this to become so popular!
                                                                                                                                                          hey commercials, thanks anyway but we're poor.
                                                                 i'm not self medicating myself with booze. the guy at the liquor store wrote me a prescription. well he called it a receipt...whatever.
                                                                  i'm dating a feminist historian not to brag, but i am -*really*- good in bed. she thinks i've been fucking her for thousands of years.
                                                                                                                                           i don't always eat breakfast but when i do, i have dos eggies
                                                                                                                                                            what was the demon arrested for? possession.
                                                                 "hi can i just have a single burger?" i'm sorry, all of our burgers are in a relationship "but that's not eve- please show some respect
                                                                   q. how are men like television commercials? a. you can't believe a word either one of them says and they both  last about 30 seconds.
                                                                                            i always tell my kids to stay well clear of any train tracks... ...except "drops of jupiter". that one's ok.
                                                                                                        if people are going to judge me they should at least hold up scorecards so i know how i'm doing.
                                                                                                            i was making fun of some sodium chloride and ended up being charged with aggravating a salt.
                                                                                                                                                         "eat the booty like groceries" -albert einstein
                                                                                                                                                           god must love stupid people. he made so many.
                                   "so you know how girls have xx chromosomes and guys have xy chromosomes?" ...asked the biologist. "well i want you to be my y, cause i'd hate to ask you to be my x."
                                                                                                                                               my friend told me to stop singing wonderwall i said maybe
                                                                                                 congratulations to donald trump winning the presidency... may his global impact be as tiny as his hands
                                                                 if someone is better at something than you, learn from them, let them teach you, or bathe in their blood so you can absorb their power.
                                                                                                                                      this is not a joke. all of the jokes here suck and or are reposts.
                                                                                     what's the difference between a gay guy and a refrigerator? a refrigerator doesn't fart when you pull the meat out.
                                                            fun fact: at the end of titanic, when all the people are dying in the water, you can hear a faint, "marco" and then an even fainter, "polo."
                                                                                                                                                 q: how do you fix a broken tuba? a: with a "tuba glue."
                                                             [microsoft outlook developer meeting] "we need to tell users when their inbox is full" how do we do that? "we send them another email" nice
                                                                                                                                                         i like my coffee like i like my slaves... black
                                                                                          success... is like being pregnant. everyone congratulates you, but no one knows how many times you got fucked.
                                                                                                                      why did the feminist get fired from subway? because she refused to make a sandwich
                                                                                                        what do you get when you cross a hit of acid with a birth control pill? a trip without the kids.
                                                                                           the hardest part about breaking up with your japanese girlfriend... is that you have to drop the bomb twice..
                                                                                                                                                do you know what 80 year old vagina tastes like? depends
                                                                            me: have you seen my denim jacket? gf: no, but it's okay. just checked the weather & it's not going to be the 1980s today...
                                                                                                                                                          sex with a homeless guy is right up your alley
                                                                                                                               what did your mom's leg say to her other leg? nothing; they've never met.
                                                                                                                           knock knock who's there ! cereal ! cereal who ? cereal pleasure to meet you !
                                                                                         my plan to reduce shark attacks. get them hooked on meth. getting gummed by a toothless shark probably tickles.
                                                                         why are high end clocks designed and made in switzerland? as they don't get arrested for doing their job as they do in america!
                                                                                              doctor doctor i think i'm a moth. so why did you come around then? well i saw this light at the window...!
                                                                                                                                                                      lost and confused in an helicopter
                                                               banned from yelp for including "the rat seems to be vulnerable to attacks from behind or when adjusting mask" in my chuck e cheese review
    i tried mugging an old aged pensioner yesterday. i said, "give me all your money now, bitch, or you're geography." "don't you mean history?" she replied. i said, "don't try to change the subject."
                                                                                               [creation] god: you will each have a flaw bat: i am blind snake: i am deaf dog: my breath is a little bad
                                                                                                           hear about the first polish olympic gold medalist? he was so proud, he had his medal bronzed.
                                                                                         the car you buy should say something about you, and not just ramble on about itself like you're not even there.
                                                                                                                     dear keebler elves, 100 calorie packs of cookies suck. i hope your tree burns down.
                                                                                                                 my girlfriend said "give me 10 inches and make it hurt!" so i stabbed her with a ruler.
                                                                                                                                    who does luke skywalker ask to charge his lightsaber? char-jar binks
                                                             me: [stands under majestic tree watching leaves fall] this is beautiful [2 hours later buried under a mountain of leaves] you piece of shit
                                                                                                    judging by the commercials, only old white guys with sailboats can suffer from erectile dysfunction.
                                                                          just heard a lady say she's been shopping at this kmart for the last 15 years, and i was like, "doesn't your family miss you?"
                                                                  cop: do you know why i pulled you over? me: *hands him a puppy and drives off* [3 years later] cop *walking his dog*: wait a second...
                                                                                              you drop one baby and everyone's all like, "quit juggling babies steve. you're the worst babysitter ever!"
                                                                                                                                           why are setups to jokes so important? because seven ate nine.
                                                                                                                    i donated a large amount of money to a rape clinic.. i wouldn't take no as an answer
                                                                                               i think facebook is ruining my life. i'm going to log off and i'm not coming back...for at least an hour!
                                                                                                                            what do you call a blonde that dyes her hair brown? artificial intelligence.
                                                                                                                                          what do you call a guy who is afraid of santa? claustrophobic!
                                                                                                                                               if you jingle my bells ill promise you a white christmas.
                                                                                           met a cute guy at the bar, gave him my number and told him to text me when he got home i guess he's homeless.
                                                                                                                                    what is brown all around and looks good on a motorcyclist? a coffin.
                                                                                                                                          why do rednecks love cheeseburgers? because they are in bread.
                                                                                                                  what do you call a woman who thinks she has the best rack in the world? [oc] boobcocky
                                                                                                                                         "pumpkin spiceberg, literally right ahead!" -white girl titanic
                                                                                                                                                               i only like two things in my life. boobs.
                                                                                                      the first rule of relationships: you don't find out why someone was available until it's too late.
                                                                                                                        did it ever occur to you that people with tear drop tattoos are just really sad?
                                                                                                               i only listen to australian indie pop music on sundays.. because that is the lorde's day.
                                                                                                                                                                  i heard she was born naked, that slut.
                                                                                                                                                 what do you call a black person in space? an astronaut.
                                                                                                                   about tasty steaks. you knowing the art of making a steak is a rare medium well done.
                                                              doc: you have gallstones me: ugh. doc: you can control it with diet. me: great! doc: no chocolate, cheese, fried foods... me: take it out.
                                                                                                            if you imagine all of adele's songs are about a cheeseburger, it changes things drastically.
                                                                                                                                          knock knock who's there ! agent ! agent who ? agentle breeze !
                                                                                                                                                i'm addicted to algebra i can't **function** without it!
                                                                                                                                      what's the difference between a jew and a pizza? people like pizza
                                                                                                                                            let me tell you guys an alzheimer joke if i can remember it.
                                                               *attempts to give a homeless guy change* him: thanks. you never know, one day my situation might be you. me: really? *holds on to change*
   is that mine? i was walking down the street when i saw black guy with a laptop. is that mine? i thought. it looks exactly like mine... but that can't be... mine should be at home cleaning my shoes.
                                                                                                                                         sigmund freud was a moron with a huge ego and id. and superego.
                                                                                                                        why is golf better than sex? it lasts for hours and they are 18 different holes.
                                                                    we white people don't shoot eachother i'm the streets like you blacks.... we do it in the schools because we have class! i'm sorry!!
                                                                                                                                    whenever i confront the messy baker i'm always walking on eggshells.
                                                                   no linkedin, i do not want to display my twitter on my profile. i would actually like to keep my chances of getting a job above zero.
                                                                                     i told all my colleagues at work that i have a twin so that when i see them in public i don't have to talk to them.
                                                                                                              is it against the law for postal workers to smile or was it my audacity to mail something?
                                                                                                                    did you know you can order a taco at a japanese restaurant? i hope you like octopus.
                                                                                                                                             did you know diarrhea is hereditary? it runs in your jeans.
                          a guy walks up to his friend and says... "what do you say to a woman with two black eyes?" his friend says "i don't know" the guy says, "nothing, you already told her twice."
                                                                                                                              ralph once had an iq of 18, ... but then it fell asleep. edit: ~~they~~ it
                    while walking home from the gym... i saw one of my aerospace engineer buddies at starbucks. he was buried in his work when i walked next to him and asked, "bruh, do you even lift?"
                                                                 [trapped under avalanche of tupperware that fell on me from kitchen cabinet] *updates social media with selfie* bring food, no weirdos.
                                                            when someone tells me they're sick i try to make them feel better with a story about my own sickness that was much worse and many years ago.
                                                                                      [mailman delivering package to hospital] doctor: ah, just what the doctor ordered mailman: please stop saying that
                                                                                 if they want to increase the use of public transit, they should start using a scale at the dmv license renewal counter.
                                                                                                                                               what did the germans name the israeli submarine? das jude
                                                                                                                                              *watching dateline* wow this is the worst dating show ever
                                                                                                                                       what do you call an alligator that wears a vest? an investigator.
                                                                                                                                                 what do you call a black man flying a plane? the pilot.
                                                                                                                                            how do you keep the entire front page of reddit in suspense?
                                                                                                                       did you hear about the guy who pick pocketed a midget? how could he stoop so low?
                                                                                                                                                                       airplane food whats up with that?
                                                                                                                                       what do you call an exercise group run by jesus christ? crossfit.
                                                                                                      what's a muslim soccer player's favorite way to move the ball? a. kicking. b. heading. c. kneeing?
                                                                                                             my deaf girlfriend was talking in her sleep last night. she nearly took my fucking eye out.
                   i got stopped by a woman in the street today. she said, "excuse me, sir, have you had an accident in the last three years that wasn't your fault?" i said, "yes, she's nearly 2 now."
                                                                                                                   a buddhist walks up to a hot dog vendor... ...and says "make me one with everything."
                                                                                                                               what's the difference between a baby and a window you can't rape a window
                                                                                                              being high in front of your parents is like trying to do your best impression of yourself.
                                                                                                                                                                     so, tim cook came out of the cloud?
                                                                                                                                somewhere in my brain is a tiny gland that blinds me to unwashed dishes.
                                                                                                                         she said she liked it doggystyle, so i sniffed her butt then peed on the carpet
                                                                                                                                        what's something that you can catch but not throw? feelings. t.t
                                       i woke up this morning frightened because my penis had turned completely orange! but then i calmed down when i remembered i was eating cheetos in bed last night.
                                                                                                                                      "what the fuck is he doing?" -first person to witness breakdancing
                                                                                                                                  what's the best way to dispose of bodies? put the ashes in the donuts.
                                                                                                                         why did leonardo take forever to laugh at my oscars joke? cause he just got it!
                                                                                                                                                   is having a penis easy? well it can be hard sometimes
                                                                                                                      what do you do to turn off sexy jenny? "it may not be long, but it sure is skinny"
                                                                                               oscar pistorius misunderstood his girlfriend... when she said: "for valentines day, can you take me out?"
   i went for my physical yesterday. nurse came in the room and she said "i'm going to have to ask you to stop masturbating" i was like "what? why!?" she said "because i'm trying to do your physical!"
                                                                                                                                          i lost 12 pounds in a week. good thing i'm not a big investor.
                                                                                                                                       why are people afraid to play poker in africa? too many cheetahs.
                                                                                  when i die, i want to die peacefully in my sleep, like fidel castro ... ... not screaming in terror, like his victims.
                                 as a fairly new guy... ...i'd like to say the jokes here are terrible, i really expected more from this subreddit as my contacts have been orgasming all over this site
                                                                                                                                          what's the difference between snowmen and snowwomen? snowballs
                                                             x: i hate when the cat just stands like that, frozen. why does he do that? me: he's on paws. x: ... me:  on... paws. x: i hate you so much.
                                                                                                                                                        what's another name for a dinosaur? a thesaurus.
                                                                                                                                                           do you think apple's next phone will be a 6s?
                                                   my girlfriend told me that if i were a tree, she'd want me to be a christmas tree so she could spruce me up i told her she'd probably be a huge birch
                                                                           til a new study shows that women drivers often turn into good drivers so if you're a good driver, look out for women drivers.
                                                                                                                         what did the dolphin say when he got in trouble? "i didn't do it on porpoise!!"
                                                             if by mathematician you mean dividing the number of snacks in my car by the number of miles i need to drive, then yes, i'm a mathematician.
                                                                                                                                   why is the moon so grumpy? it's just going through one of its phases.
                                                                                                               my city was so poor growing up that planned parenthood was just a bicycle without a seat.
                                                                                                establish dominance by sitting close to the buffet and growling every time someone walks up to get food.
                                                                                                    how did barack propose to michelle? he got down on one knee and said, "i don't wanna be obama self."
                                                                                             i feel bad for airport security workers. i'm going to make their job easier today by not wearing underwear.
                                                                           so, pee wee herman announced he has converted to islam he's currently planning a pilgrimage to mecca lecca hi mecca hiney ho.
                                                                                                                                             chuck norris ordered a big mac at burger king, and got one.
                                                                                                                                           what did terrorists used to call fidel castro? infidel castro
                                                                 her: i'm pregnant me: what? h: just kidding m: you scared me half to death h: my mom is coming to stay with us m: *the other half dies*
                                                                                                                                                what do you call a lesbian with long fingernails? single
                                                             [interview] boss: how many words can you type a minute? me: probably all of them boss: what do you mean? me: well, like for example, pickle
                                                            beggin'strips: stop pretending dogs don't know it's not bacon. they smell cocaine in a cooch across an airport; i'm sure they know not bacon
                                                                                                avoiding eye contact with co-workers is for rookies. make eye contact and don't say anything as you pass
                                                                                                                                                         what makes perfect sense? the u.s. mint (cents)
                                                                                                                                                i hate when my in-laws come. it's such a bitch to clean.
                                                                                                     ted has split personalities. this shows in his behaviour to his girlfriend. he's a dick ted to her.
                                                                                                                                       why are peter pan jokes always funny? because they never grow old
                                                                        what is the difference between sarah palin's hoo-ha and her mouth? only half the stuff that comes out of her hoo-ha is retarded.
                                                                                                                                   fb lets you write your sex in now, so i have officially become a hat.
                                                                                                                have you heard about the new super-popular broom that came out? it's sweeping the nation
                                                                                                                                             what do you get when you cross ebola and tourette syndrome?
                                                                    a wino wanted to join the black lives matter movement he ended up sobbing "can't we all just get along?" at a dark matter symposium.
                                                                  i copied my match.com bio from a used car website. - white. - good condition. - reliable. - cheap. - some evidence of rear end damage.
                                                                                           i heard bernie sanders lost a delegate to the millionaire in a coin toss. the difference was a quarter of 1%.
                                                                                                                       i'm such a bad golfer, they should send me to mars. i'm guaranteed to find water.
                                                                   theft solution: tits. nobody is thinking about larceny when they're looking at tits. so ladies, help stop crime... show us your tits.
                                                                                                                                                            what do you say to a handicapped dog? "stay"
                                                                                                                                                    early to bed, early to rise makes people suspicious.
                                                                               h: gross! stop peeing in the shower! me: why? everybody pees in the shower. h: yeah but you're not in it right now, i am.
                                                                                                                                           what would be the worst meal for a football wife? oj and rice
                                                                                                                                                  if you steal a clean slate, does it go on your record?
                                                                                              if people who made meth called themselves methematicians it would probably be a more respected occupation.
                                                                                                                                       where does a race on the swedish border end at? the finnish line.
                                                                                                             what is blue, green, red, yellow, purple, orange, black, brown, and gray? a box of crayons.
                                                                                            there's been a lot of sexual assaults at a bread store in india the media's calling it the rape of naan king
                                                                                                                                      there are two types of people in this world. and i hate them both.
                                                                                                                                            if you were a basketball, could i drive you, and lay you up?
                                                                                                                til i haven't actually been having conversations with my furniture... my toaster told me
                                                                                                                did you hear? lebron james is starting an underwear line... they're called lebron johns.
                                                                                                          why was noah a great businessman? he floated his stock while everyone else was in liquidation.
                                                                         i was at a cafe when a frenchman spilled water on himself. it was a pretty l'eau point in his life. (l'eau is french for water)
                                                                                                                                            how do jewish kids learn to count? 10% off, 20% off, 30% off
                                                                                how is evolution and a union construction job similar? they take so long that some people don't believe they don't work.
  a beautiful woman approaches a man in a bar... a beautiful woman approaches a man in a bar and says, "hey, big boy. you single?" he says, "yeah! how'd you know?" "you're fucking ugly, for starters."
                                                                                  when your prescription says "do not drink alcohol while taking this" how many beers are you really allowed to have? 6?
                                                                                                                                                     "how do you like your eggs?" "i like 'em just fine"
                                                                                                                                  time is the coin of life. only you can determine how it will be spent.
                                                                   eer booze and fun!' 'i walked into a bar the other day and ordered a double. the bartender brought out a guy who looked just like me.
                                                                                                      it's official... my voice is incapable of making, "thanks. i appreciate that" not sound sarcastic.
                                                                                                                                  me: boop! teehee! cop: .. me: sorry. did you want me to touch my nose?
                                                                            i was asked to be an elvis impersonator for a kid's birthday party. i showed up drunk, shot the tv, then died on the toilet.
                                                                                                                                                           what does batman do for father's day? nothing
                                                                                      in biology they ask us what we find in cells apparently black people wasn't the right answer. i'll see myself out.
                                                                                          a horse walked into a bar several people got up and left as they spotted the potential danger of the situation
                                                                                                                                why do black people have nightmares? we killed the only one with a dream
                                                                                                                                 hand dryers are a great way to see how your hands look while skydiving.
                                                                                                    when i was a kid, my english teacher looked my way and said, "name two pronouns." i said, "who, me?"
            jury awards $22 million to man locked in closet by east cleveland police for four days with no food or toilet. r kelly is going to sue the east cleveland police for copyright infringement.
                                                                                                                                   what do you call someone who pushes people down stairs? a stairorist.
                                                                                           bar joke a monk, a rabbi, and a priest walk into a bar. the bartender says "what is this? some kind of joke?"
                                                                                                                                                               hey woman , are you a beaver?! cuz' damn!
                                                                                                                                    don't ask me stupid questions and i won't hurt your stupid feelings.
                                                             in some ways it's sucks that we are smart enough to understand the futility of life. but luckily we're also smart enough to invent alcohol.
                                                                     what did the author of the lord of the rings say after he completed his books? if you like dialogue, theres a whole lot of tolkein.
                                                                                 one time a baby threw up in my mouth & it still wasn't as disgusting as nicholas cage's haircut in national treasure 2.
                                                                                                                                                      how do you turn a fox into an elephant? marry her.
                                                            good call inventor of glass tables. there's nothing more appetizing than realizing aunt mildred doesn't wear panties while i'm trying to eat
                                                                                                                               when i asked if you'd like to go out on a date sometime, i meant with me.
                                                                                           what do bernie sanders and santa claus have in common? (dark) they both have difficulties regarding chimneys!
                                                                                           alfijnbahkfnbsbbakrbbjdnebzk hzueonyvag macarena yrvixndvwhkga ndhwkdbcbe hayvektoubabrjnahor heyyyy macarena
                                                                                                                                                      what do you call a lesbian chicken? a sticky beak!
                                                                                             i remember the last thing my nan said to me before she died. "what are you doing in here with that hammer?"
                                                                                                           what does an older woman have between her breast that a younger one doesnt? her belly button.
                                                                                                                                                them: you can't go wrong with this recipe. me: watch me.
                                                                             me: hurry up kid. we're gonna be late for school 6 y/o daughter: *begins eating each lucky charms marshmallow individually*
                                                                                                                                                       what do you call a lesbian dinosaur? lickalatapus
                                                            the best thing about alcohol hand gel in hospitals isn't the hygiene, but that everyone walks around like they're hatching a dastardly plan.
                                                                                            did you hear they invented a new logical fallacy, the "ad homonym" attack? ... it's not what it sounds like.
                                                                                                                                             q: where do you find 60 million french jokes? a: in france.
                                                                                                                                                          what if there were no hypothetical situations?
                                                                                                                                                                                  best joke ever my life
                                                                                                                     google fonts walks into a bar . . . the bartender says, "we don't serve your type."
                                                                                                   i went to a car show but there were nothing but fords i guess you could say it was a real ford fiesta
                                                                                                                                             i went on a diet for 10 days. you know what i lost? 10 days
                                                                                                                    why can't you see the bacteria in milk? because it gets past-your-eyes (pasteurized)
                                                                                                   i hear china has abandoned it's one child policy, which is great news. i never could eat just the one
                                                                                                             in an elevator with my geology professor and my ex-geology professor. can you say rockward?
                                   so my dog is named lucky... and sometimes he escapes from our house, so we have to go get lucky. and sometimes it'll be dark out, we'll be up all night to get lucky.
                                                                                                                                  what do you call two black men flying an airplane? pilots, you racist!
                                                                         i threw up in a porta potty at a winger concert back in 88' .... we did not have the internet back then so i'm telling you now.
                                                                                                            i recently joined a support group for people who peaked in high school. it's called crossfit
                                                                      what if horses rode horses? and then those horses rode more horses? then it's like, whoa dude! check out that big stack of horses!
                                                                                                                                                   where can you find tetraplegics? where you left them.
                                                              in american politics, what's important is that you pick one of two equally bad sides and defend it no matter the awful garbage it produces
                                   do you guys know the story of flip flap the giraffe? it's a giraffe, walking in the savannah. all of a sudden, an helicopter comes by and..... flip flap the giraffe!
                                                                                                                                                                            penis it's an insideher joke
                                                                              i found the one when i saw her my knees got weak and my vision got blurry. that's when i realized i drunk the wrong glass.
                                                                                                                                           why does an ethiopian baby cry? he's having a midlife crisis.
                                                                 my garden shed door keeps opening and closing. is it the wind? yes. am i going to tell my kids it's haunted so they stay out? also yes.
                                                                                          q: what did the hurricane say to the coconut palm tree? a: hold on to your nuts, this is no ordinary blow job!
                                                                                                             yo mama is so classless... yo mama is so classless that marx thinks she's an ideal society.
                                                                                     those who have some means think that the most important thing in the world is love; the poor know that it is money.
                                                                                                                            if you crossed a cow with michael jackson what song would you get? "beeflt!"
                                                                                                                                                                               hi reddit okay bye reddit
                                                                                                                                                        iron man is a superhero iron woman is a command.
                                                                                                                                                 what did baby corn say to momma corn? where is popcorn?
                                                                                                                                         why did the melon have commitment issues? because he cantaloupe
                                                                                                                                    a squiggly red line should appear under people who are wrong for you
                                                                                                                  *first date. her. "shall we carve our names onto this tree" me. "you brought a knife?"
                                                                                                                                                                    in soviet russia, turkey shoots you.
                                                                                                                                  what is the longest word? smiles... it has a mile between the two 's's
                                                                                                               the flying v why is it when ducks fly in a v one side is longer. more ducks on that side.
                                                                      did you hear about the native american who tried to break the world's record for drinking tea? they found him dead in his tee pee.
                                                                                                                            what do scientists use to measure a chicken's gestation period? an egg timer
                                                                                                          did you hear the one about the chinese godfather? he made him an offer he couldn't understand.
                                                                                                                     do you remember that barbecue? you know, the one where i put my meat on your grill?
                                                                 the nokia 3310 was ahead of its time... dust proof, water proof, had a nearly infinite battery life, indestructible, and no audio jack!
                                                                                                                                    what do you call usain bolt when he's running from a lion? fast food
                                                                                                                                              if someone tweets in the bathroom they are live streaming.
                                                                                                                                 morning is like someone constantly whispering "fuck you" into your ear.
                                                                                                                i always bring a condom with me on a night out. unfortunately, it's always the same one.
                                                                      miley cyrus that's the whole joke. though if you want you should google miley cyrus--the main picture above her description... wtf
                                                                                                                                   how do batman's parents call him to dinner? they don't; they're dead.
                                                                                                                                                lpt: dont buy french bread you will get nothing but pain
                                                                                                                     my girlfriend didn't think i could make a car out of spaghetti... so i drove pasta.
                                                                                                               judging by my handwriting possible future career choices include doctor or kindergartner.
                                                                                                                                                              what was hitler's favourite colour? braun.
                                                                                                                                      what do you call a group of religious oranges? jehovah's citruses.
                                                                                                                                                     what's a wavelength's favorite animal? a lamb, duh!
                                                                                   nsfw whats the difference between a catholic priest and a zit? the zit waits untill you're 12 to come onto your face.
                                                                                               an asian man goes to the eye doctor... doctor: "sir you have cataracts." asian man: "no i drive a honda."
                                                                                                                   *pays $20 for deluxe car wash* *hits roughly 3,287,998 bugs during 2 mile drive home*
                                                                                            have you heard about the billboard company who only did jpeg files? i heard they got a lot of stretch marks.
                                                                                                                   a quick thing i would like to say to the man who invented zero... thanks for nothing.
                                                                                                           how many ears does mr. spock have? three. one left ear, one right ear, and a final front-ear.
                                                                                                                                have you heard about the joke about immortality... ...it never gets old.
                                                                                                                                        what did the cool dinosaur say to his mating partner? dino-mate!
                                                                                               went to my niece's elementary school field day last week. i won every single event. every. single. event.
                                                                                                                                         just because i've lost my mind doesn't mean i'm looking for it.
                                                                                                        why did the flight from warsaw to moscow crash? there were poles on the right half of the plane.
                                                                                                                                         what's nigel thornberry's favorite band? the smashing pumpkins.
                                                                                                                                                                        size does matter-just ask pluto.
                                                                                                                   sexxist much? q: how do you turn a dishwasher into a snow plow? a: give her a shovel.
                                                                                         i was going to be a quarterback for halloween at work... ...but my boss said we couldn't be anything offensive.
                                                                                                  sometimes i ask myself, what would aquaman do? so i sit in the bathtub and cry about how useless i am.
                                                                                                                                             why is santa claus' sack so big? he only comes once a year.
                                                                                                    how do you pronounce the capital of kentucky, loo-e-ville or loo-is-ville? i pronounce it frankfort.
                                                                                                                                                      what's rickon starks favourite band? one direction
                                                                                         humpty dumpty fell off the wall and sued the construction company for using poor material for building the wall
                                                           what's a pirate's favorite letter? (most people respond, "arrr!") that's what i thought too, but it turns out their hearts belong to the 'c'.
                                                                                                                                 once upon a time there was a z & d. then someone tipped z over. the nd.
                                                                                                                                              why does snoop dogg always carry an umbrella? for drizzle.
                                                                                                               in hindsight, i shouldn't have said 'surprise me' when the judge was about to sentence me
                                                                                       my friend roy made up this joke, so goddamn proud why did the beer get bottled? he was trying to dodge the draft.
                                                                                                                                                                     how do lawyers argue without crying
                                                                                              i thought i might try my hand at telling a german sausage joke i mean, what's the wurst that could happen?
                                                                                                                    what do you call the horse that lives next door? your neighhhbor credit: 6y/o nephew
                                                                                                                last night i had sex for an hour and 30 seconds. i love when daylight savings time ends!
                                                                                                                                            what do you call a vegetarian with diarrhea? a salad shooter
                                                                                                                                                      what two words have the most letters? post office.
                                                               nurse: taking you back into surgery. something was sewn inside you. me: what? can i talk to the surgeon? [from my stomach] i'm right here
                                                                                                                              i was going to look for my missing watch. but i could never find the time.
                                                                                                                                     i don't like my financial adviser. he put the "douche" in fiduciary
          what do you call a man with no arms &amp; no legs... ...hanging on the wall? art ...floating in the sea? bob ...laying on the floor? matt ...down in a hole? phil ...sitting in a pot? stu ...
                                                                                                                                fun fact: peanut butter also sticks to the roof of your ex-husband's bmw
                                                                                                                                     q.what are the worst six years in a  blonde's life? a: third grade.
                                                                                                                               did you hear about the basketball tournament in mexico? its juan vs. juan
                                                        then there was the noodle who wanted all his life to be an m... but when he finally got his wish, no one believed him cause he was an m pasta...
                                                                                                    we have enough breakfast items for the toaster now, food scientists. move on to the car heater vent.
                                                                                                                      why do midgets laugh while running through the yard? the grass tickles their nuts.
                                                                                                                                    a man walks into a bar and goes right through it because hes a t1000
                                                                                                                                                           i'm more of a coca-cola person... soda speak.
                                                                                                      how do you tell the difference between a chemist and a plumber? ask them to pronounce "unionized".
                                                                                                                          i've started a time travellers club the first meeting will be yesterday at 5pm
                                                                                                                         have you heard a dad joke about dad jokes? i've never meeted an person who had.
                                                                                                                  i'd tell you a joke about statistics but the punchline is probably outside your range.
                        did you hear about the magician who could create things out of thin air? they contacted him to give him a tv show, but once they found out he was a fake, it never materialized.
                                                                                            i've got a major hate-over after hitler's birthday yesterday... needless to say, things got a little heated.
                                                                      when i'm in the bathroom a long time, i come out sniffing & wiping my nose so people think i was doing coke and not making a doody
                                                                  [meeting] director: i want amazing cgi producer: yes! d: a huge cast p: agreed! d: realistic family photos p: we don't have the budget
                                                                                                                       why does the little mermaid where sea shells? 'cause the b-shells were too small.
                                                                                                      "hmm, throw a 'b' in there just to fuck with people." - the asshole that created the word "doubt."
                                                                                                                                             "just do it!" why nike reps don't man the suicide hotlines.
                                                       i was making love to this girl and she started  crying. i said "are you going to hate yourself in the morning?" she  said "no i hate myself now."
                                       i was having a nightmare where a dude said he was going to kill me if i could not make him laugh... so i said... what gas leaves a pirate speechless? . . . argon
                                                                                           so a robot walked into a bar and beat up a man with a bottle... ...he was charged with battery. i'm so sorry.
                                                                                                          planet joke. if you make a cake that looks like mars, could you say it's out of this world? ;)
                                                                                                                                                 guess who won't be winning world cup this year? brazil.
                                                                                                                            i just want a woman who has a great sense of humor about being a supermodel.
                                                                                                             tomi lahren is pretty confident for a person whose first and last names are both misspelled
                                                                                                                           how is a glory hole like a rooster crowing? they're both a cock-a-dude'll-do.
                                                                                                                 why did the pilgrims create thanksgiving? they wanted another excuse to watch football.
                                                                                                                         did you hear about the painting that was falsely sent to prison? he was framed.
                                                              welcome to starbucks how may i help you? "regular coffee with cream please" that's $40, 5ml of unicorn tears, and 10 dragon scales. "ten?"
                                                                                                                                        i swallowed a piece of lego the other day i was shitting bricks.
                                                                                                                                                           why did the chicken cross the road it didn't.
                                                                                                                                               what do you call a woman rolling around on a beach? sandy
                                              did you hear about the american athlete who was stripped of all her medals? when olympic officials tested her urine, they found traces of lance armstrong.
                                                                                                                                                              what is a 72? a 69 with 3 people watching.
                                                                                                my wife said she was divorcing me because i am obsessed with masturbation. i told her to go fuck herself
                                                                                                                                            why does dr. pepper come in a bottle? because his wife died.
                                                                                 the red hot chili peppers failed to show up to their concert last night. they're now known as the red hot chili flakes.
                                                                                                               what do you get when you cross a rooster with an owl? a cock that stays up all night long
                                                                                                                                             how did the blonde burn her nose? bobbing for french fries.
                                                                                                                                    what kind of bone will a dog never eat? a trombone! from fargo ep. 2
                                                                                                                                               knockknock, who's there? it's harry. thankyou, knockknock
                                                                                                                                                        i was going to make a gay joke... butt, fuck it.
                                                                                   so i tried to watch a porno featuring donald trump... but i couldn't get off, because he changed positions too often.
                                                                                                                                           a black hole was telling me a story... it sucked me right in.
                                                                                                                                  ref: i'm sending you off player: what for? ref: the rest of the match!
                                                                                           why are stock traders so good at sex? same principal, you gotta pull out at the right moment or it costs you.
                                                                                        who would win a fight between lemmy and god? trick question. lemmy is god *the world lost a great musician today
                                                                                                             i hate it when people ask me what i'll be doing in three years... i don't have 2020 vision!
                                                                          q: how many marxists does it take to screw  in a light bulb? a: none: the light bulb contains the seeds of its own revolution.
                                                                                                            (q)..... what do you call a brunette standing between two blondes? (a)..... the interpreter.
                                                                                           what do you call it when one rabbit challenges another rabbit to hop across a forty-yard canyon? a hare dare.
                                                                                                                                                what did the redneck say to his sister? oooh yeah, baby!
                                                                                                                                           today i pissed my pants in walmart and they offered me a job.
                                                                                                         i only accept chocolate chip cookie bribes, the soft ones christy, not the garbage you gave me.
                                                                                                                                                       what is a horse's favourite sport? stable tennis!
                                                                                                                                                    what goes in hard but comes out soft and sticky? gum
                                                                                                                                                   a blind man walks into a bar and a table and a chair.
                                                                                                                                                                     aren't you too fat to be this rude?
                                                               step 1:make pillows with"love" printed on them step 2:become a lawyer step 3:defend men who smother their gf with love step 4:become rich
                                                                         i warned my friend that the girl he was taking home looked underage, but he said... "if there's grass on the field, i'll play."
                                                                                                                                        why did the raging alcoholic throw his wife off a cliff? tequila
                                                                                                what's the difference between a chickpea and a garbanzo bean? i've never had a garbanzo bean on my face.
                                                                                                                                   i have invented a machine *that reads the subtext in different voice*
                                                                                                     lindsey lohan is going to be charged with a felony tomorrow. in other news, restaurants serve food.
                                                                                                                             what do you do when you come across an elephant? wipe it off and apologize.
                                                                                                 everyone's like "i love obama" or "i love romney" and i'm just over here like "i love whiskey and beer"
                                                                                two unix experts are talking about their age... - what is your date of birth? - 0 - ohh, nice i was born in january too.
                                                     america and britain are in a race... to see who can fuck up their country more. britain is winning at the moment but america sure has a trump card.
                                                                                                                             my wife claims watching me do karate "isn't foreplay." why am i even alive.
                                                                                 what did the egg say to the pot of boiling water? it might take a while for me to get hard, i was just laid by a chick.
                         the americans are aiding ukraine in their war against russia. their new, revolutionary strategy is to clog the russians arteries. they call it *operation* *dunkin'* *donetsk*.
                                                                                        i'll never forget the day i said "ride down this hill" and became the greatest bobsled coach in olympic history.
                                                             other 21 year olds: going on dates, bein cool, having fun me: trying to become friends w/ the birds outside my house by offering them bread
                                                                                                           [gaming] why did the console player cross the road? to render the buildings on the other side
                                                                                       when the side effect of a quit smoking aid is suicide, they really mean their guarantee that you'll stop smoking.
                                                                                                                 these blondes are dumb when i was penetrating them, they kept asking me 'is it in yet?'
                                                                                                                                                               what do elephants use for tampons? sheep.
                                                   so i called the suicide hotline earlier... i was answered with, "thank you for calling mr. archipelago0. we will be processing your request shortly."
                                               what is the difference between a circus side show and a las vegas floor show? one has a cunning array of stunts, the other has a stunning array of cunts.
                                                                                                                                                    what kind of shirts do philosophers wear soccer tees
                                                                                                              when the imaginary zebras start sawing off your legs, it's time to lay off the hard stuff.
                                                                                                                                 why do sharks live in saltwater? because pepperwater makes them sneeze.
                                                                                        what is the difference between a gay man and a fridge?.... ...a fridge doesn't fart when you pull your meat out.
                                                                                                                                                steve irwin died as he lived... with nature in his heart
                                                                                                                                                        what is the worst part about an unfinished joke?
                                                                                                                          what do you call a cuban prime minister with a lot of attitude? fidel sass-tro
                                                                                                                                          tryna get into bondage but i need someone to show me the ropes
                                                                                                           i have decided to write all my jokes in capitals from now on. this one was written in london.
                                                                                                             what did the slab of meat say when it was covered in salt and left out to dry? "i'm cured!"
                                                                                                                                                                           a man walks into a bar... ow.
                                                                                                                                       man, you gotta hand it to dick cheney. or else he'll torture you.
                                                                                                                                                                 what do you call indian flowers? patels
                                                                                                                             i used to date cross-eyed women just to feel better about myself after sex.
                                                                                                                                                                      a man walks into a bar..... "ouch"
                                                                                                                      what do you call a bird who wants to have a different personality? an alter eagle!
                                                                                                                          my wife asked me what i wanted to eat that's fast and easy? mmm...your vagina?
                                                                                                                                                          what do you call a retarded jelly? a slow jam.
                                         if you're getting annoyed, you might throw up your hands out of frustration. if you're a cannibal, you might throw up someone else's hands out of your stomach.
                                                                               [god wakes up] oh man i am hungover, what'd i do last night? [sees that goats have the ability to scream now] haha oh yea
                                                                     camouflage training drill sergeant: "i did not see you at camouflage training this morning corporal!!!!" corporal: "thank you sir."
                                                               [pharmacy] "i'd like a refill for this bottle of pills" pharmacist: would you like childproof? "no thanks, i already believe in children"
                                                                                                                              why is it so hard to contact comedians? because their marketing is a joke.
                                                                                                                        what's the difference between hard and light? i can go to sleep with a light on.
             i got a pay rise in my job. at the end of the day, i went to the pub and bought a drink for everyone there. i like to be generous, even if they did feel a bit weird sharing the same pint.
                                                                                                                                                               how does the moon cut his hair eclipse it
                                                                                                                  thinking of cryogenically freezing myself until they can find a cure for unemployment.
                                                                                                                                                     jewish pedophile "do you want to buy some candies?"
                                                                                                                                                     if you want breakfast in bed, sleep in the kitchen.
                                                                                                                    what is the hardest thing about walking through a field of dead babies? my erection.
                                                                                                                             lpt before weighing yourself, take a poop... you'll weigh a shit load less.
                                                            me: help someone caught my wife in a big net 911: where m: between 2 trees in our yard 911:a hammock? m: idk what his name is just send help
                                                                                                                    do you like the internet? cause i can put you on there if you come back to my place.
                                                                           what's the difference between a bad mechanic and a politician? with the mechanic, there's a shot something might get fixed...
                                                                                                                                             what do you call a porpoise that acts like a nazi? adolfin'
                                                                                 do you ever just look at a girl and instantly know she posts her daily horoscope on facebook and quotes marilyn monroe?
                                                                                                                   [confessional booth] me: i can't do anything right. priest: please get off of my lap.
                                                           my dad's never been proud of me the other day he asked how old i was, i said "twenty-one". "when i was your age i was twenty-two" he replied.
                                                                                                                                                        what's the most common blood type in canada? eh.
                                                                                            whenever i see a newspaper on a driveway, left out in the rain, i figure that house just forgot how to read.
                                                                                                             life starts with everyone cheering when you poop and goes drastically down hill from there.
                                                                                                    i take it personally when the ups guy drops off a package for my neighbors but doesn't bring me one.
                                                                                                                            how do you ask someone if they're vegan? you don't need to, they'll tell you
            i asked rick astley for a movie... i asked him to borrow some movies. he said "sure what movies do you want?" i asked him for the movie 'up'. he started singing. "never gonna give you up!"
                                                                                                                       a guy comes into a bar. no wait.. it was a horse. so, a guy comes into a horse...
                                                                                                        do you think michael j fox....? do you think michael j fox ever gets an answer out of an 8-ball?
                                                            if it wasn't for the random passerby with the horrific deformity, i wouldn't know nearly as much about what the top of my shoes looked like.
                                                                                                                              why do rednecks like to do it doggie style? so they both can watch nascar.
                                                                                                                                               what idiot named them diet pills instead of girth control
                                                                      if anyone tries to tell you your dreams are unachievable just remember i have crashed my dirt bike into all 7 wonders of the world
                                                                                                                you know guys, ironically, racism is alot like black people... cuz it shouldn't exist!!!
                                                                                                                              i like my women like i like my whisky... 22 years old and mixed with coke.
                                                                                                             last year i netted over 100k before taxes doing gay porn "that's gross, dude", my mom said.
                                                                                                                                                        til mine sweeper (game) was invested in pakistan
                                                                                       what is the difference between a prostitute with diarrhea and an epileptic corn husker? one shucks between fits..
                                                                         #thingsgirlsdothatguyshate tease a man and get all his attention while the second velociraptor ambushes him from his blind spot
                                                                                   "to prove how much i love you i'm going to eat this entire pizza." that's not what i - "please stop. let me do this."
                                                                                                                                                 you kill vegetarian vampires with a steak to the heart.
                                                                                                                                i legally changed my name to edward genocide... ...you can call me ed g.
                                                                                                                                              i need to get something off my chest *takes off my nipple*
                                                                                                                       women are like pickup trucks. men with poor taste usually want to add a lift kit.
                                                                                                                                  shoutout to the dozens of people still trying to make google+ a thing!
                                                                                                                                                    if you think about it, malls are really just bazaar.
                                                                                                                                                                       where do sjws belong? in an oven.
                                            manager: our new midfielder cost ten million.  i call him our wonder player fan: why's that? manager: everytime he plays i wonder why i bothered to buy him!
                                                                                                                                       what did the mermaid forget to bring to math class? her algae bra
                                                                                    i bought some shoes from a drug dealer today they must have been laced or something cause i've been trippin all day.
                                                                       apparently there's a voluntary organization trying to gain legal rights for apes. i guess you could say their work is pro-bonobo.
                                                              i mostly want a relationship so my boyfriend can chase me around trying to put an ice cube down my back as i demurely beg "dooooooooon't."
                                                                       lpt: always make sure to post to the correct subreddit. it is an embarrassing mistake and most people will think you're an idiot.
                                                                                                                                                 confucius say... man who run in front of car get tired.
                                                                  *job interview* boss: give an example of when you've done something creative me: when i listed my 'experience' on the application form
                                                                                                                                  what do you call a dead baby ,who fights crime? miscarriage of justice
                                                                                                                       bert asks ernie, "ernie do you want to get ice cream?" ernie responds "sure bert"
                                                                                                                                         did you hear about the stolen tesla? i guess now it's an edison
                                                                                                                      why is nazi cooking horrible? because everything is burnt but with a jewey center.
                                                                                                                                                    what cake wanted to rule the world?  attila the bun.
                                                            no actually it's called an "african-american" eye, bud. and i got it cause someone beat the crap out of me for being too politically correct
                                                                                                       i just had a massive case of diarrhea... and i couldn't tell if it was the watermelon or the nuts
                                                                                                                                                     what has two o's and fires? a double-vowel shotgun.
                                                                ok, surgeon general, alcohol is bad for pregnant women. the warning label might be more effective stating alcohol causes pregnant women.
                                                                                                            i wonder what the chimpanzee who will one day feast on your eyes and fingers is doing today.
                                                                                                                                                   what's the opposite of drunken noodles? soba noodles!
                                                                                                                                                        you can't trust atoms .. they make up everything
                                                                                                                                                      9 guys walk into a gay bar... they don't come out.
                                                                                                                                             what did the dick say to the condom? cover me, im going in!
                                                                                                                                                     what's easier to pick up the heavier it is? a girl.
                                                                            no beer or snacks?!? worst. party. ever. family: uh...this is an intervention me: lame, look, grandmas so bored she's crying
                                                            saw helena bonham carter walking down wardour street earlier looking every inch the mystical vagabond. was tempted to rub her head for luck.
                                                                                                        what did reddit say to his elderly mother when he tried to take her to a home? get in the karma.
                                                                                                            what do you call a tractor trailer that can't keep up with the others? (self) semi retarded.
                                                                                                                       there are two types of girls; girls who are fat and girls who think they are fat.
                                                                                    long john silver's is the perfect representation of corporate greed. nearly everything that company does is selfish.
                                                                david cameron walks into a sandwich shop with a pig... the shopkeeper says "alright dave, pulled pork ?" "no mate, she's just a friend."
                                                                                                                      lucy, in the sky, with diamonds john lennon, proving he was a terrible clue player
                                                                                                                 i wonder if clouds look down on us and say shit like "that one's shaped like an idiot."
                                                                 maybe it's karma that i stepped in gum after all the times i've spit mine out on sidewalks. didn't stop me from keying the nearest car.
                                                              ex (trying to make me jealous): i'm going to a party, everyone's drinking, laughing, and having fun! me: that'll all stop once you show up
                                                                                                  i'm going to say sky diving is probably not for me since i just screamed when the toilet seat shifted.
                          a bear walks into a bar. he says, "i'll have a gin... ... ... ... and tonic." the bartender says, "sure, but what about the big pause?" the bear says, "i was born with them."
              a married man's prayer; dear god, you gave me childhood, you took it away you gave me youth, you took it away. you gave me a wife.......... its been years now... just reminding you......
                                                                                                         what did one of frankenstein's ears say to the other? i didn't know we lived on the same block.
                                                                                                                         what did russia say to ukraine after the conflict was over? cry me a peninsula.
                                                                                                                           what is an emo's favorite note? g ...get it? edit:im not saying the reference
                                                                                                  i'm a buddhist pothead so i hope i'm reincarnated as a horse so i can come back and eat grass all day.
                                                                                                                        my brother got sent to prison for something he didn't do. he didn't wear gloves.
                                                                                                                        what's the worst part of fucking twenty-seven year olds? there's twenty of them.
                                                                     mom: putting him in sports was a bad idea dad: yup me (in right field wearing my cup on my face): hey coach look at me i'm bane lol
                                                                                                               did you hear about the train conductor that went on a killing spree? he had loco motives.
                                                                                                                                        are all nascar fans fat with goatee's or is that just the women?
                                                                                                                                                           what's brown and rhymes with 'snoop'? dr. dre
                                                                                                                                     a freudian slip is when you say one thing but you mean your mother.
                                                                                                                                                   what's the difference between art and junk? a plaque.
                                                                                                                        what did the runaway melon say to the honeydew on valentine's day? i cantaloupe.
                                                                                                                                      a termite walks into a bar and asks... ... where's the bar tender?
                                                                                                                                                     whom does ban ki-moon revolve around? ban ki-earth.
                                                                                                                      what's the best thing about dating a homeless girl? you can drop her off anywhere.
                                                                                                 an elderly woman at an atm asked me to check her balance. so i pushed her over. yep, she needs a walker
                                                                                                                                         why didn't the skeleton cross the road? because it had no guts.
                                                                                   i asked my aunt how much a couple is, she said two or three maybe that's why her relationships don't work out so well
                                                                                              i dumped my girlfriend, ruth, the other day. i told myself i'm just gonna be ruthless in love from now on.
                                                                                                                                                      i'm a mexican with a black belt call me juan punch
                                                                                 what has four legs, is big, green, and fuzzy, and if it fell out of a tree on top of you, would kill you? a pool table.
                                                                                                                                                 what is a 6.9? a really great thing ruined by a period.
                                                                                                                                                                             what's your best bear joke?
                                                  a doctor tells his patient he's got only six months to live. but the patient doesn't pay his bill on time, so the doctor gives him another six months.
                                                         if a tree falls down in the middle of the forest.... and i scream something in the top of my lungs, and no woman can hear me, am i still wrong?
                                                                                                                                                      which disney character is trump's favorite? wall-e
                                                                                                                                         before working to reunite the us he was known as abram lincoln.
                                                                                                                                      why did the dog jump into the sea? he wanted to chase the catfish!
                                                                                       blonde vs brunette lolxx blonde: "what does idk stand for?" brunette: "i don't know." blonde: "omg, nobody does!"
                                                                                                                           my own mother called me a 'son of a bitch'. then she told me i was adopted :(
                                                                                                                          my friend recently arrived in turkey for his annual holiday. he is doing bird.
                                                                                                 if i know anything about girls, it's that they appreciate privacy. trust me i've read a ton of diaries.
                                                                                                            idk blonde: "what does idk stand for?" brunette: "i don't know." blonde: "omg, nobody does!"
                                                                                                                     why do pirates love sunny weather? because there's lots of aye arrr (ir) radiation!
              this one's mainly for mexicans and texans. what did daniel boone say to davey crocket when thousands of mexicans charged at them at the alamo? "davey.... are we pouring concrete today??"
                                                                                                                 what they dont tell you, is that your sheets are actually made of egyptians and cotton.
                                                                                                                what's the difference between skinny and squat? i never took a skinny on a girl's chest.
                                                                             my iphone just autocorrected the word nigga to nigga, like whoa iphone. you can't just go around yelling the n word. jesus.
                                                                                                                                            why did they name golf golf? because fuck was already taken.
                                                                                                                        what do you call the guy that graduated last in his class at med school? doctor.
                                                                                                     i never discriminate but there is one race i can't stand... the marathon. it's way too long a race!
                                                                                                              have you ever had a close call with a shark? no, but one did ring me up long distance once
                                                                                                                                london weather is just like iraq. a little bit sunni, but mostly shiite.
                                         so batman is flying around metropolis looking for crime when... superman walks up and is all like, "hey motherfucker, what the fuck?" sorry, it's halloween. ;)
                                                                                                           just banged my toe on a table & kept moaning in pain so much that i made a new coldplay song.
                                                                                    an atheist, a crossfiter, and a vegan walk into a bar... how do i know? because everyone repost this joke everytime!
                                                                                                                                                         what does korean food taste like? chinese food.
                                                                                                                                          always borrow money from a pessimist they never expect it back
                                                                                                                    one time chuck norris threw a grenade and killed 47 people then the grenade exploded
                                                              did you hear about the adult entertainment business for religious visionaries? it was really successful - the prophets just kept on coming
                                                                                                                  why did tiger woods stop designing golf courses? he couldn't keep it down to 18 holes.
                                                                                                                                                 japan isn't a democracy. they don't have big erections.
                                                                                                                                the buildup of carbon emissions in the atmosphere is a great icebreaker.
                                                                                                                                    what do you call a plan to exterminate hipsters? the vinyl solution.
                                                                             just realized the laundry detergent has been in the refrigerator for 3 days, in case you're looking for a business manager.
                                                                                                          me: you say all the right things. her: i didn't say anything. me: shhh don't ruin this for me.
                                                                                                                        modern warfare: a $700,000,000 dollar plane drops a $50,000 bomb on a $1.00 tent
                                                                                                         i'm not sure what gender fluid is... ...but it sounds like it's tough to get out of upholstery.
                                                                           it's all fun and games until you notice the *rocket* in your nephew's lego launchpad came from the drawer in your nightstand.
                                                                                                                                                         why can't i eat just one cookie and be happy???
                                                                                                                                                      dating tip: add free wi-fi' to your dating profile
                                                                         gave my wife a pedicure just so i could write in my diary "i nailed her...10 times in a row". ha ha, jokes on you, masculinity.
                                                                                               here's a fact, gay guys love vagina. okay, that might be wrong. i'm just trying to get my facts straight.
                                                                                                                                         i know it's illegal for me to cook my own alcohol... but still.
                                                                                                                                     what do you call a bunch of white dudes sitting on a bench? the nba
                                 monica lewinsky turns 39!! they grow up so fast...seems like yesterday she was crawling around the white house on her hands and knees puting everything in her mouth!!!
                                                                                                   the rugby players without a referee weren't keeping up with the news they kept asking "whose put-in?"
                                                                                                                                                      what does donald have up his sleeve? a trump card.
                                                                                                                                                                a woman was doing a great job driving...
                                                                                                                                                       what is a grasshopper? an insect on a pogo stick.
                                                                                                                                                     i like my women like i like my shirts with a deep v
                                                                                                                    did you hear about the cow that doesn't give any milk? it's an udder disappointment.
                                                                                                 i tried to do an intense workout that involved 500 sit ups per day but my body couldn't take the ab use
                                                                                            why did the recruiters at the teacher's college have so much sex? they were good at getting people into bed.
                                                                                                                               did you hear about mike tyson's horse? it got angry and bit at the champ!
                                                                                                                                                        i have a great hippa joke! but i can't tell you.
                                                                                               i try and avoid picking up turtles on the side of the road. just in case they're in the middle of a race.
                                                                                                                   "saw the trailer for that new movie the revenant, looks itense". "nah, probly tipis".
                                                                                         how many metropolitan police does it take to change a lightbulb? none. they just beat the room for being black.
                                                                                                                            my dad always told me to follow in his footsteps... ... he died in quicksand
                                                                                                                                                what do you call a child that's good at digging? a minor
                                                                                                                                  why did the girl fall off the swing? because she didn't have any arms.
                                                                                  the fact that the british call math "maths" scares me, since the only thing more frightening than math is plural math.
                                                                                              imagine if things had been reversed. we'd be eating lou gehrig candy bars and getting babe ruth's disease.
                                                                                                                              the acronym nascar stands for: non-athletic sport centered around rednecks
                                                                                                                                         how do you stop the dog trying to hump your leg? suck his dick.
                                                                                                                                                            how do i like my eggs? unfertilized, thanks.
                                                                                  just found out cuba gooding jr is not from cuba, but from new york. leave it to a big name celebrity to be a huge liar
                                                                                           i watched craps at the casino for over an hour tonight until security finally dragged me out of the bathroom.
                                                                                                                                              what does dj khaled call his mexican friends? another juan
                                                              one time a guy left a full glass of sangria behind on a first date and i pretended i forgot my sunglasses so i could run back and chug it.
                                                             if a server comes to my table and asks 'hows everythin tasting?' mid chew i like to grab their wrist and keep them there until i can answer
                                                                                                                                             i remember when the m in mtv stood for music not maternity.
                                                                                                                                              double cheeseburgers don't make you fat, eating them does.
                                                                                                                      a priest, a rapist and a pedophile walks into a bar. he sits down and has a drink.
                                                                                                                               who's to say tomorrow won't be the best day of your life? a statistician.
                                                             i live in fear of finding hidden cameras in my house & not being able to explain why i do all those random karate kicks directed at no one.
                                                                                                            women would save a lot of money on beauty products if they ever realized they have a vagina.
                                                                                                            what's the smallest amount of money you would reach into a toilet to get? mine is a skittle.
                                                                                                                                                what do you call a slutty housewife? a dirty dishwasher.
                                                                                                          freak out your neighbors by removing one member of their stick figure decal family each night.
                                                                                                                                  "let there be me." god, just before he created himself out of nothing.
                                                                                                                                                        what does the bee santa claus say ? ho hum hum !
                                                                                                          you should always wrap your hamster in duct tape. that way, it won't explode when you fuck it.
                                                                                         finally looked up from my phone screen and noticed i'm being passed around by the crowd at a blink 182 concert.
                                                                                                                    "where do you see yourself in five years?" "i don't know, i don't have 2020 vision."
                                                                                                                                                good news, insomniacs! only 1 more sleep 'til christmas!
                                                                                   you people who pull back the shower curtain checking for psycopathic murderers ... if you find one, what's your plan?
                                                                                                                                                     sharks have a whole week dedicated to chuck norris.
                                                                                                                                                                 what did the perverted frog say? rubbit
                                                                                                                                                you know, i just love whiteboards... they're remarkable.
                                                                                                                                                      kids suck. even god gave up after only having one.
                                                                                                                                                  what did the short boy bring to high school? a ladder.
                                                                                                                             why did the stupid boy wear a turtle neck sweater? to hide his flea collar.
                                                                                                             don't forget to wish that one bottle of salad dressing in your fridge a happy 2nd birthday!
                                                                                                                                                                 taking vocabulary to a whole new thingy
                                                                                                                                            guy 1: "fuckin a, man" guy 2: "fuck a b, it has more holes."
                                                                                                                                                  women like silent men... they think they're listening!
                                                                                                                                                      relax,,, we're all crazy.. it's not a competition.
                                                                                just updated my resume. hobbies section now includes: "currently tied with lance armstrong in tour de france victories."
                                                          a pair of identical twins... ... on opposite banks of a river. one says "i wish i was on that side of the river." the other replies "you are."
                                                                                                                                        i can almost always tell if a movie doesn't use real dinosaurs..
                                                                          sure, white people cant say they "n" word but atleast we can say phrases like " thanks for the warning, officer" and "hey dad"
                                                                                                                                                       a blind man enters a fishmarket... "hello ladies"
                                                                                                                                                          where do muslims go after they die? everywhere
                                                             "hey i like you" "i like you too" "let's lick the inside of each other's mouths to express our love" "yeah that's not weird. let's do that"
                                                                                                                                     what do you call a tire named after ferris bueller? a ferris wheel.
                                                                                                                                                         mcdonalds will always have a place in my heart.
                                                                     funny how people get all angry when you break something of their's that they don't ever use. like turn signals with a baseball bat.
                                                                                                               if canada was a kingdom, pm stephen harper would be a king... ...but canada is a country.
                                                            my kids are going to be so disappointed when they figure out peer pressure is a myth and they have to actually pay for drugs in high school.
                                                                                                                              what do you call 2 guys hanging on the wall around a window? kurt and rod.
  my dad was walking around the house screaming yesterday.... he kept shouting, "a, e, i, o, u". "what's wrong?", i asked him. to which he responded, "nothing, i just have irritable vowel syndrome..."
                                                                                                                                                                           typing in all caps (optional)
                                                                                                                               half of these jokes were around when jesus played fullback for jerusalem.
                                                                                                                                            i'm gonna get a neck tattoo that looks exactly like my neck.
                                                                                                                                   what gets larger every time i see my girlfriend? my credit card bill.
                                                                                                                                       i'm going to read braille to the deaf... for the asl competition.
                                                                                                           a slinky is a great way to teach young children that it's fun to push things down the stairs.
                                                                                                                          im on a new diet. actually im on 2 diets. i couldent get enough to eat on one.
                                                                                                                                               so a german installs a bath around his desk... badumtisch
                                                               have you heard that china's panda project is disastrously failing? all of the pandas are dying of pneumonia. it's causing pandaneumonium.
                                                                                                               some people should be dipped in vagisil maybe then they wouldn't be such irritating cunts
                                                                                                               what's the difference between a cactus, and a bmw? a cactus has the prick on the outside.
                                                                                                                                          what is something that you never forget on a field trip? 9/11.
                                                                       today's menu: 1 gallon of attitude, 3 cups of sarcasm, 2 tbsp of leave me the hell alone, and a generous cup of shut the f*ck up!
                                                                                                                                                   what's colorless and smells sweet? chloroform shhhh..
                                                                             first piglet: how do you know your boyfriend loves  you? second piglet: he signs his letters with lots of hogs and  kisses.
                                                                                                                      if russia tried to take turkey from behind... ... do you think greece would help ?
                                                                                                                  what do you get when you use the 3rd unforgivable curse on a pornstar? erotic cadaver.
                                                                                      blow your load that awkward moment when you're about to blow your load, and your teacher makes direct eye contact.
                                                                                        i left three cleveland browns tickets on my windshield before yesterday's game. i came back and there were nine.
                                                                                                                whats the best thing about being addicted to speed? only one more sleep until christmas!
                                                                                                                                                                what do you call a short cowboy? subdude
                                                                                                                                                                        the dinosaurs died for our sins.
                                                                                                                             what's the most 'spoken' language on earth? hint: it's not english spanish.
                                                                                   did you hear about the butcher's assistant who ditched work to try out for the football team? he didn't make the cut.
                                                                                                    what do you call an arab who just arrived -amir the next one? -amir azwal the next? -amir azwal azim
                                                              was driving with my dad the other day and he told me to get the map out of the glove box. easy there indiana jones, i will just google it.
                                                                                                                                      getting married for sex... is like flying on an airplane for food.
                                                                                                     i'm not in a relation"ship," i'm in a relation"barge" that's towing emotional garbage all day long.
                                                                                                                            a priest, a rabbi, and an atheist walk right into a bar. the buddhist ducks.
                                                                                                  whats the difference between jesus and a picture of jesus? it only takes one nail to hang the picture.
                                                                                                       they say comedy is an aphrodisiac. so i guess when women laugh at me after sex it's a good thing?
                                                                                                         whats the difference between acne and catholic preists acne doesnt come on a boys face until 13
                                                                                                                                     how to spot a douchebag in the gym? really bad so he hurts himself.
                                                                                                          twitter should give you 5,000 followers when you start and then you have to try and lose them.
                                                                                                          what do horny campers and leo di caprios acting have in common? they are both fucking intense!
                               latvian man walk into bar with mule. bartender say, "why so long face?" latvian say, "i was thinking of my daughter. she has been lie with soldier for potato feed baby."
                                                                                            woke up with a hangover to the sound of my neighbor cutting the grass. he can cut around me, i'm not movin'.
                                                                                                                                             what did the shepherd's wife say to the shepherd? you herd.
                                                                                                                                        how do you know if you are a necrophiliac? you get mourning wood
                                                                                                                                                          what do you call a female israelite? a shebrew
                                                                                                                                              what do you call a female sex change? an add-a-dick-to-me.
                                                                                                                                                                71% of all statistics are ... ...made up
                                                                                          what do you get when you put birthday candles on a pizza? you can't figure it out? i mean, it's a pizz'a cake.
                                                                                                                     do you know why you should never boil vegetables? because the wheelchair might rust
                                                                                                                                                    what do you call a cow masturbating? beef stoken-off
                                                                "open up, this is the police!" "well, i've felt alone since my girlfriend left me, i'm sad all the time-" "no the door open up the door"
                                                                                                                                     which rock band has 4 people but doesn't make music? mount rushmore
                                                                                                     my signature move is parking closely to the sports car at the end of the lot taking up four spaces.
                                                                                                                                i've been searching for my stolen bed. and i won't rest until i find it.
                                                                 two atoms one atom says to the other, "you're a weird dude. you know that?" the other atom responds "hey man, we all have some quarks."
                                                                                                                                 does the five-second rule apply to soup? please hurry. edit: nevermind.
                                                                                                                                  can someone help me decide which nirvana album to buy? wait, nevermind
                                                                                                                                                       friends are like ants if you burn them, they die.
                                                                                                                                your momma is so stupid that she thinks moby dick is a venereal disease.
                                                                                                                         you're like a prize winning fish. i don't know whether to eat you or mount you.
                                                                            what did our parents do to kill boredom before the internet ? i asked my 26 brothers and sisters and they don't know either.
                                                                  i had an imaginary girlfriend for a few years, but she ended up leaving me for my best friend. he had a bigger imagination than i did.
                                                                                       why do steven avery's victims see him naked from the waist down? because his lawyers keep filing away his briefs.
                                                                      teachers at school: she seems to be expressing an inner need for control. teachers at a bar: i want to punch that kid in the face.
                                                                                                   isn't this whole ashley madison hack exactly what their users wanted? to get fucked by a third party?
            two ninjas were having an argument two ninjas were arguing over which one was the better ninja. the first says, "man, you can't even throw a ninja star." the second ninja says, "shuriken."
                                                                                                                                    why didn't the lazy guy have sex? because his dick was just too hard
                                                                                                            my laptop in college was so bad.. to start it i needed my friends car and some jumper cables
                                                                                why is it so hard to play cards in the jungle? there are too many cheetahs. courtesy of the st. louis zoo facebook page.
                                                          what do donald trump and the milk in my fridge have in common? it better get thrown out by november 8 or else i'm going to get violently sick.
                                                                                                     q: how does an elephant climb a tree? a: he hides in an acorn and waits for a bird to carry him up.
                                                                                                                        how many surrealists does it take to change a lightbulb to get to the other side
                                                                                              if you can cow boy lasso something inside a store and pull it outside to where you are you get it for free
                                                                                                                                               a dyslexic optometrist diagnosed a patient with stigmata.
                                                                                                                                          what is round, ticks and if it falls down the clock is broken?
                                                santa goes to... santa goes to your house, goes down your chimney, and watches you while you're asleep... and everyone adores him... i do it one time...
                                                                                                                       there's no time like the present. or later. later on is pretty similar, actually.
                                                                                                                       canada post is under heavy ddos attack. somebody sent 2 letters at the same time.
                                                                                                                       you know what they saw about a guy with a large carbon footprint he is a big dick
                                                              i try to use proper grammar and punctuation in all of my tweets, until i'm about to go over the 140 character limit...& den u no how it b.
                                                                   [laser tag] instructor: dude, you're not gonna run out of ammo me [strapping bayonet to the end of gun]: let's just agree to disagree
                                                                                                                                           a mexican and a black guy are in a car, who is driving? a cop
                                                                                                                                                dark comedy is... like water.......not everyone gets it.
                                                                                                                     by 98 to 1, u.s. senate passes amendment saying climate change is real, not a hoax.
                                                                                                                                     a girl in china lost her virginity at 12. her name is "sum yung ho"
                                                                                          apparently a teen in brazil died after jerking off 42 times without stopping. so...41 guys...that's the limit.
                                                                                                                     i need to make a change. i haven't given a fuck my entire life. i'm still a virgin.
                                                                                                               how are pimples and a priest different? pimples don't come on your face until you are 12.
                                                                                                            something people in mcdonalds have? fries. something people in mcdonalds don't have? ankles.
                                                                                          i woke up hung-over to the sound of my neighbour mowing his lawn. he'll have to mow around me. i'm not moving.
                                                                                                                                                        one did one redditor say to the other? heard it.
                                                                 love, ethnic food, &amp; the end of the world. what do you kiss on a mexican dish that will trigger the end of the world? el taco lips.
                                                                                                                how does a streetwalker sing and give bj-s at the same time? she takes off her glass eye
                                                                                                                                 what do you get if you cross a skunk and a cartoon penguin? pingu-pong!
                                                                                                                                             mental illness isn't a disease... ... it's all in the mind.
                                                                              if you don't like the way you look naked, remember; by the time you have your clothes off, its the other person's problem.
        i went for a check-up today, the dr. said everything looked good... then he stuck his finger up my ass and declared everything there was good also.... i think i may need to find a new dentist.
                                                                                                                               how dare you say i'm dumb! would a dummy get a 'a' on there iq test? hmm?
                                                      i got really drunk on st. patty's day last year and took the bus home. that may not seem like a big deal to you, but i'd never driven a bus before
                                                                                                                     why do people with bulimia nervosa love kfc? because your meal comes with a bucket!
                                                                                                                           my kid wanted juice but i gave him water which he promptly turned into whine.
                                                                                                                  knock knock. open up the door, its real wit the non-stop, pop pop and stainless steel!
                                                    steam support knock knock; who's there? steam support? steam support who? ... ... ... ... we're sorry, vac bans cannot be removed from this account.
                                                                                                                    the difference between 'butter' and 'i cant believe its not butter'... is marge-inal
                              christmas bonus boss: who said that just because i tried to kiss you at last month's christmas party, you could neglect to do your work around here? secretary: my lawyer.
                                                                                                                                                                  i know madonna, on a first name basis.
                                                               i was waiting for my wife to try on clothes & spoke to this woman for almost 20 minutes until i looked up & noticed her head was missing.
                                                                                                                              i think i might be dying but i really like the color of my hair right now.
                                                                                    next time someone asks you how you slept, close your eyes & say "like this" & just stay that way for like 8 hours!!!
                                                                                                                                                              what did the chinese pirate say? awwlllll!
                                                                                                              the divorce rate is almost at 60%. how does cupid keep his job with that level of failure?
                                                                                                                   i called german ups to ask them when they would ship my rift.. they said, "vr ready."
                                                                *opens facebook messenger* *sips mtn dew twice* *strokes neckbeard* *begins typing* sorry abt ur mom dying tis a shame btw ur attractive
                                                                                                            what do you get when you take viagra with an iron supplement? an erection that points north.
                                                                                                                                    a lot of people are afraid of heights. not me, i'm afraid of widths.
                                                                                                                                                         what was hitler's favourite drink? mountain dew
                                                                                                                                    i ran into my ex the other day, hit reverse, and ran into him again.
                                                                                                        don't call me " bae " " baby " " babe " or " love " unless i'm the only one you're calling that.
                                                                                                                                                    sex is easy... telling your dad he's pregnant isn't.
                                                                              when i'm on a golf course and it starts to rain and lightning, i hold up my one-iron because even god can't hit a one-iron
                                                                                                                                              what website do gay guys use for their e-mail? hotmale.com
                                                                                                                to all the ananda's out there.. what's better than eating a mandarin? eating amanda out.
                                                                                                                    what do baseball teams and muffins have in common? they both rely on a good *batter*
                                                                                                                         why can't blind people bungee jump? because it scares the fuck out of the dogs.
                                                                      don't bother giving kids a hard time for saying lol while they're speaking if you came from an era when hardy-har-har was a thing.
                                                                                                                                                          dark comedy is like food not everyone gets it.
                                                                                                                                  why are programmers so consumeristic? because they're object oriented.
                                                                                                                                   what do you call a mexican that can't cross the border? a mexi*can't*
                            to girls suffering from a case of too many friend requests: here is a free tip  put some clothes on and post your real pictures without photoshop or makeup. problem solved!
                        [meta] banned phrase suggestion can we get an auto removal / deletion on any joke that has "sorry" at the end? nothing kills a joke for me like having someone apologize for it.
                                                                                                                                          every time you watch jersey shore another book commits suicide
                                                                                                              that pie smells so good i jizzed in my pants... i guess you could say i came to my senses.
                                                                                                                                                                            even paranoids have enemies.
                                                                                                     what does the bees do with their honey? they eat it, if they eat too much, they will get diabeetis.
                                                                                                                                                 what kind of dog is the most colorful? a paint bernard!
                                                                                                                                    i like my men like i like my coffee... ground up and in the freezer.
                                                                                                                                                    whores on first, sluts on second, idle hos on third.
                                                                                                               girl walks into a bar she asks the bartender for a double entendre, *so he gave her one.*
                                                                                                                      every 3 seconds a woman has a baby our mission is to find this woman and stop her.
                                                                                                                    so a horse walks into a bar... and many people leave because that is a safety hazard
                                                                                                                                advice needed, please, on cooking roadkill what do you do with the bike?
                                                                                                                                            date: you smell so nice - what are you wearing? me: febreeze
                                                    just got a peek at santa's naughty list! amazingly, it's almost identical to my friends list. can't believe some of the things you people have done!
                                                                                                                                         minimum wage, maximum rage: the life of a twitter opinion haver
                                                                                                                                                                      africans would remember this ebola
                                                                                teacher: "sam what is the outside of a  tree called?" sam: "i don't know." teacher: "bark sam bark." sam: "bow wow wow!"
                                                                            the christians are really taking the dugger family scandal hard i drove by a chick-fil-a and the flags were at half-staff...
                                                                                                                                 why is legislation never passed by horses? large number of neigh votes.
                                                                                                                              [pulls into taco bell drive thru] hi, i'd like enough tacos to forget 2016
                                                                do you think it's weird that the only reason we still have landlines is so cops in movies can wake each other up in the middle of night?
                                                                                 polish joke why do polish people keep empty bottles in their refrigerator? for people that don't want anything to drink
                                                                                                                                                                      josh dugger more like josh diddler
                                                                     [presidents 2km race - finish line] obama (checks stopwatch): just under 10 mins, did i beat the record? clinton: no, bush did 9:11
                                                                                                                            alcoholism doesn't run in my family. it walks. you spill less beer that way.
                                                                                                                       i committed suicide today never gonna do that shit again nearly got myself killed
                                                                    i hope jeb bush wins the primaries then takes dick cheney as his running mate. there campaign slogan would be "same dick, new bush."
                                                                         her: isn't she your girlfriend? me: no, no, no, i broke up with her two days ago. she just hasn't checked her voice mail yet...
                                                                                                                                                        what do kfc and tumblr have in common? transfats
                                                                                                      q: why couldn't the faucet be within 100 feet of the pasta bowl? a: there was a restraining order.
                                                                                                                                                          what's black and doesn't work? half of london.
                  the black third grader goes to his mom. he asks his mom, "mom, i have the biggest dick in the third grade! is that because i am black?" she replies, "nah nigga, its because your 19!"
                                                                                                                                       what happens when breed a shark and snowman? you get a frostbite!
                                                                                                                                                         what do you call emigrates of sweden? swedouts.
                                                                                            ugh. when i text girls that i have standards, i really need to stop abbreviating the word standards to stds.
                                                                                                               please come see my theatrical dramatization of the history of puns. it's a play on words.
                                                                                                 the field sobriety test was going ok until i grabbed two traffic cones and did a madonna impersonation.
                                                                                   no matter how romantic of a mycologist you are never tell your partner you're about to give them a tiny mushroom tip.
                "hello, police? i'd like to report an anonymous tip." me: hello, police? i'd like to report an anonymous tip. dispatcher: go ahead. me: flossing daily reduces your risk of tooth decay.
                                                                                                                       "let's tell people about our waffle and then not do shit for 100 years." -belgium
                                                             when couples tell me they're taking their relationship to the next level, i just assume they're gonna start throwing cutlery at each other.
                            naughty women people have become very naughty on whatsapp.. even married women have put their status as available. [funny status](http://franksms.com/funny-status-for-you/)
                                                                                                                                                    yo mamma so bald... you can see what is on her mind.
                                                                                                                                                 sorry i asked "why?" when you told me your baby's name.
                                                              i tried, i really did. i threw my hands up in the air and waved them like i just don't care. then i realized i do care. damnit, i do care.
                                                                    if you believe the home alarm commercials, the first thing burglars do when they break into your home is smash your family pictures.
                                                                                                                      what part does woody harrelson want to be remembered for most? harrelson's woodie.
                                                                  my name is jafar. i come from afar. some place in quatar. i work at bazaar. i sell snake in a jar. i have bomb in my car. allu ak bar.
                                                                                                                                                                            i just bought a film with...
                                                                                      find a penny, pick it up, all day long you'll have nothing but a gross penny you found in some filthy parking lot.
                                                                                    an old favorite i just remembered what the difference between jelly and jam? i can't jelly my dick down your throat.
                                                                                                                  there is a company called kia and a company called nokia. i'm not sure who to believe.
                                                 how many freudian psychologists does it take to screw in a light bulb? 2: one to screw in the bulb, and one to hold the penis... ladder, i mean ladder!
                                                                                                                                       q: what do you call a blonde holding a balloon? a: siamese twins.
                                                                                                                               this may be the wine talking but help he's drinking me, he's drinking me.
                                                                                                                                            i don't have multiple personality disorder and neither do i.
                                                                                                      if not for the cowardly actions of john wilkes booth, abraham lincoln would have turned 207 today.
                                                                                       mick jagger: hey keith, come hold my new baby. keith holding baby, whispers to it: i'm going to out live you too.
                                                                                                                                                  how do you start a teddy bear race ?  ready teddy go !
                                                                                                                                                    where does the three legged horse live? the unstable
                                                                   did you guys hear about the dyslexic man who went to the toga party? they wouldn't let him in because he showed up dressed as a goat.
                                                                  [doorbell] 4: *opens door hi, is your mom home? 4: she's in the tower mom: whispers from behind door "no no no it's shower not tower!"
                                                                                                                                rumors. well at least you're spreading something else besides your legs.
                                                                                    the best part of waking up, is not folgers in your cup, but knowing that chuck norris didn't kill you in your sleep.
                                                                                                           a: "what is the integral of 1/cabin?" b: "log cabin!" a: "nope, houseboat. you forgot the c."
                                                                                                                                           what did the bird say after its cage fell apart? cheap cheap!
                                                                                                 my girlfriend wouldn't let me play orchestral music during sex... we eventually came to an arrangement.
                                                                                                                      i slept with 4 girls last night... and the floor of the hotel room killed my back.
                                                                                                          ama request floyd mayweather never mind, it would take him a year to finish the first comment.
                                                                                          what did the astronomer say when the government launched a napalm bomb to the seventh planet uranus is on fire
                                                                 the reason i like twitter is because the ladies on here like being followed. unlike like little miss restraining order down the street.
                                                                                                                                     "take your child to work day" must be awkward at the dildo factory.
                                                                                                                     {commercial for floors} is this you? {footage of man falling endlessly to oblivion}
                                                                                                                                           yesterday, i got food poisoning i don't know when i'll use it
                                                                                                                                      i came to reddit to read some jokes.. it's on the comment section.
                                                            the golf joke what's the best part about golf? it's the only activity where you actually aim for the hole under 18 and you don't go to jail.
                                                                                                                 perfect pitch is... ...when you throw an accordion into a dumpster and it hits a banjo.
                                                                                                                          difference between a nun and a nympho in a bath one has a soul full of hope...
                                                                                                                                                   i can't be bothered with trivial details. like facts.
                                       i was walking through town yesterday, when i came across a large black man with a mohawk and jewellery. he said, "i piy the fool." i said, "hey, you missed a t."
                                                         [nsfw]honey, i bought flavored condoms... - ... switch off the lights and guess the flavor! - sardines with cheese! - wait for me to put it on!
                                                                                                                                              how do you titillate an ocelot? you oscillate a tit a lot.
                                                                                   so what do you do for a living? im in organ trafficking. fu** ! dont you have a heart? was that a critic or an order?
                                                                                                                                      there's no sex like the we haven't had it for awhile' kind of sex.
                                                                                      just bought some shoes from my drug dealer... i don't know what he laced them with but i've been tripping all day.
                                                                                                                                       what do you call a stupid fish? a dumb bass i'll sea myself trout
                                                                                                               if you're ever feeling stupid, just remember someone invented a wrench and named it allen
                                                            son, we don't play hungry hungry hippos for "fun." we play it to learn how friends turn on each other in moments of desperation and scarcity
                                                                   [commercial] *camera focuses on a man choking on a whole apple* narrator: "if only there was a better way?" [on screen caption] teeth
                                                                                                                                 why don't the french like kiwifruit? because of the green piece inside.
                                                                                                                                            i love doing crunches. *crunches doritos* *crunches popcorn*
                                                                                                          you'd think a baby would make the perfect paperweight, but this one keeps rolling off my desk.
                                                                                                                                                    i cant comprehend constipation that shit is too deep
                                                                                                                                                          what do you call cheap circumcision? a ripoff.
                                                                                                                                                      tifu by being king of the jungle lololol i am lion
                                                                                                                                                                     gay jokes arn't funny come on guys.
                                                                                              my mum always told me it's better out than in... but my uncle always told me that it's better in than out.
                                                                         the one good thing about having a kid with zika virus... even if he achieves major success in life, he'll never get a big head.
                                                                                                                what really makes whinny the pooh angry? when other people put two fingers in his honey.
                                                                                                                                      islam means peace! stop means go, up means down, left means right.
                                                                                                                                   i just lost 150 pounds of useless, life draining fat i got a divorce.
                                                                                       instagram is down! i'm freaking out! what are you people eating? how are your pets? what the hell is happening???
                                                                                                                                       what's the handicapped parking situation at the special olympics?
                                                                                                                                                what is the chemical composition of a fire hydrant? k9p.
                                                                                                                               why don't you see any transgendered parents? because they're trans-parent
                                                                                                                   what's the hardest part of eating a vegetable? ....getting her out of the wheelchair.
                                                                                                                      i have a spoon devoted solely to peanut butter so things aren't really looking up.
                                                                                                                                         what do you call a baker who doesn't make bread? i don't dough!
                                                                                                                                                     maybe just don't throw stones in any kind of house.
                                                                                                                                                   got run over by a limo this morning took fucking ages
                                                                                                        what do you call a woman with one leg? eileen, right? but what if she is asian. then it's irene.
                                                                                                              jack all work and no play makes jack a dull boy. all work and no pay makes jack a mexican.
                                                                                                                                     what do you get when you mix a joke with a rhetorical question? ...
                                                                                                          how do you make a female chemist feel self conscious? ask if her hair is an extensive property
                                                                      i hate what toys do to girls' body images. real girls don't have smaller girls inside of them with smaller girls inside of them...
                                                                                                                                                      q: how old is tyrion lannister? a: peter dinkl-age
                                                                                                                                                       clickbaits seem so obvious... just like this one.
                                                                          friends- what did you get for your birthday? her- he went to jared friends- you're engaged!!! her- no jared is our weed dealer
                                                                                i like to flush the toilet a few times when i'm on the phone with someone who calls me so they know not to do that again
                                                                                           why is the homeless /r/anime mod still homeless? every time someone tries to give him shelter, he rejects it.
                                                                          i just saw a woman fall in the street so i asked if she wanted help or sex because i don't know her or her hierarchy of needs.
                                                                                                                                       the weatherman keeps saying we are getting a pounding. *followed*
                                               the fountain of iniquity when your honest living has you worrying about pinching pennies, throw them into the wishing well and scoop up all the quarters.
                                                                                                                                                              if you finger a bum... you're a hobosexual
                                         how do you get an 80 year-old woman to swear? how do you get an 80 year-old woman to yell "f*ck"? you get another 80 year-old woman next to her to yell "bingo"
                                                                                            never chase love, affection, or attention. if it isn't given freely by another person, it isn't worth having
                                                                              arguing on the internet is like sex with a goat no matter how good your performance, everyone else now thinks less of you.
                                                                              convince neighbours you're shrinking by walking past their window with progressively larger jars of hellmann's mayonnaise.
                                                                                  puts german chocolate in the fridge last night, this morning it's taken over the area that the polish sausage was in..
                                                                                                                                                                gay men tend to be very tongue-in-cheek.
                                                                                                                            what is the fastest way to exit a car on the highway? through the windshield
                                                                                                             my buddy said he'd give his right arm to be ambidextrous i can only admire such dedication.
                                                                                                                                                   why did the post office get sued? for mail-practice!!
                                                                                                       what's the difference between your bonus, and your penis ? your wife will always blow your bonus!
                          so i brought a girl home from the bar last night... when we got to bed, she said "give me twelve inches and make me bleed!" so i fucked her twice and punched her in the face.
                                                                                                        why sugars are very unhappy these days? it is sweet but still is not getting added do any thing!
                                                                i'm 0 for 3 in getting people to try a spoonful of my homemade peach jam on the subway platform this morning. some days are challenging!
                                                              [first date] her: what are you doing with the tupperware? me: [filling container] the sign says 'all you can eat', it doesn't specify when
                                                                                                                              if donald trump becomes president, we could finally out-crazy north korea.
                                                                                                                                                      fails drug test. adds "positive" person to resume.
                                                                                     either my xbox is broken, or it wants to get married and start a family... because it's done playing games with me.
                                                                                                                                              my poor dog hates going to the vet. but he just won't die.
                                                                                                                                              where did stephen hawking find his wife the vegetable isle
                                                                                                                                           i love women so much that.. if i were a woman i'd be lesbian.
                                                                                                                                         is your food spicy sir ? no smoke always comes out of my ears !
                                                                                                                                                          what do you call a pig with three eyes ? piiig
                                                                                      rt = retweet. pr = paraphrased tweet. mr = mangled tweet. please know which one you are doing and use accordingly.
                                        wife: "you look tired honey. how about a  nice steak mashed potatoes and an apple pie for dessert?" husband: "no thanks. i'm too tired. let's just eat at home."
                                                                                                                                         i like my women how i like my government: open and unprotected.
                                                                                                                                                                    why did the tree go to jail? treason
                                                                                                    the australian border patrol is so good... they even stop the good internet from reaching australia.
                                                                                   my kids outgoing voice mail message says,," i'm sorry i won't come to the phone right now. it's 2012. learn to text."
                                                                                                            the bible belt - the land where you pretend not to recognize each other in the liquor store.
                                                              my wife is terrified of thunderstorms. the banging outside the window is horrendous, but if we let her in she'll just get the dog all wet.
                                                                                                                               if christians want to stop gay sex... they should encourage gay marriage.
                                                                                                                                why did the giraffe lay down in the tall grass? because it had leukemia.
                                                                                                                                 i went to a zoo that only had no animals in it. i exclaimed, "doggone!"
                                                                                       what's brown and making california a miserable place to live? california governor jerry brown you racist asshole!
                                                                                                                                                                                         starting salary
                                                                                                                                                   why did the computer say hello? because it was a dell
                                                                                                                                                      what's the rudest type of elf? the gofuckyourself 
                                                               *sees a hot christian girl* me: i am christian now,where do i get one of those plus signs? friend: that's a cross. me: across from where?
                                                                                                                                            why can't edward leave russia this winter? he'll be snowden.
                                                                                                                                     the day i decided i wanted to do drugs was the day i saw your crack
                                                               elephant: i'm thirsty, how do i drink mother nature: inhale water & squirt it from ur nose directly into ur mouth elephant: what the hell
                                                            as my girlfriend was trying on jeans, a clerk asked her "need a bigger size?" i saw the look on her face and went to make room in the trunk.
                                                                                                                                                                      what's 9+10? 21 pairs of deez nuts
                                                                                                 why does the lemon feel uncomfortable making friends outside of tumblr? because it has cis-trust issues
                                                                          2 guys walk into a gay bar... and the bartender asks one of them, "why the long face?" the guy answers, "my eyes are up here."
                                                                                                              why do i always seem to start my day backwards? i wake up tired and i go to bed wide awake
                                                                                                                                                    unemployment jokes aren't funny they just don't work
                                                                                     a racist, a womanizer, and a rapist walked into a bar... ...the bartender says "how may i help you, mr. president?"
                                                                                                                                                 what did the french baker ghost said? boo! langerieeee!
                                                                                                                                                    what does an 80-year-old person taste like? depends.
                                                                                                                      what do smokey the bear and alexander the great have in common? their middle name.
                                                                                               a man with a marine biology fetish comes back from vacation. his friends greet him with a warm whale cum.
                                                                                                                                             i like my women like i like my cider... ... cold and dry ;)
                                                                                                                              what can you find between the toes of the african elephant? slow africans.
                                                                                                                        a new book for stoners aspiring to greatness 7 habits of effectively high people
                                                                                                                                        black actors boycott oscars... no slave or mlk movies this year.
                                                                                                                                                          what are the best white people jokes you have?
                                                                       how many court cases have been thrown out because the judge needs a unanimous decision & the jury is made up entirely of dentists
                                                                                                                         posted a picture of my privates on facebook... i guess you could call it ballsy
                                                                                           why can't you make something that's sort of like a macaron but not really? because then it'd just be macaroni
                                                                   grandma used to say "respect yourself & others will too," but she also used to say "damn n*ggers," so i don't know what to believe :(
                            did you hear about treant? he's thinking of leaving. perhaps branching out, maybe even going back to his roots. i'm not sure i wood do that. he's barking mad if you ask me.
                                                                                                                                why is empire strikes back the best star wars movie? it's a perfect 5/7.
                                                                                                 a significant proportion of public restroom users are assholes. the rest are all either dicks or cunts.
                                                                                            i'm trying to remember what that soup is called, the kind with chicken and rice.... oh yeah! chinken noodle!
                                                                                                                      call of duty is like the boy scouts, everyone's gay, and there's a lot of camping.
                                                                                                               why did the soviets pull their missiles out? because they feared a premature ejectulation
                                                                                                                                 there are two types of people in this world. those that need closure...
                                                                                                                                                what do you call five black man having sex? a threesome.
                                                                                  there was a girl in my school with breasts on her back. she wasn't much to look at, but she never missed a slow dance.
                                        how are women like snow? they seem really cool at first but then you're sick of them after a couple days and no one wants to be driving when they're on the road
                                                                                                                                                         why did you name your dog karma? she's a bitch.
                                                                                                                                                              ++drinks: drink first, ask questions later
                                                                                                                              what do you call racist jokes that are made about black people? dark humor
                                                 why did the billionaire philanthropist spend his fortune bringing butter production to developing countries? some men just want to see the world churn.
                                              two chemists walk into a bar the first one says "can i have a glass of h2o" and the second chemist says "can i have a glass of h20 too". and then he dies.
                                                                                                                     i've got 40 raisins in my savings account ...oh no wait, that's my currant account.
                                                                                                                                        what do they call the hulk when he has an erection? bruce boner.
                                                                      just blocked all users from central & south america. i doubt this "zika" virus can spread thru social media but why take the risk?
                                                                                                                                    have you ever shoed a horse? no, but i've told a donkey to fuck off.
                                                                                                                   a buddhist monk goes to a hot dog stand the monk says, "make me one with everything."
                                                                                                                                                                            whats that smell? auschwitz.
                                                                                                   monica lewinsky says she will endorse hillary for president... ..says hillary clinton "doesn't suck."
                                                                                                                               i quietly left my job as a set designer... i didn't want to make a scene.
                                                                                                  i met an elderly at the park and asked him what was going on? he smiled and told me "i have parkinson"
                                                                                        bookstores are a great place to meet women... ... but not so if your opening line is "what does this word mean?"
                                                                                        my 4 year told me my tummy looks soft and squishy today, so i put her barbies on the highest shelf on the house.
                                                                                                                                           have you ever tried eating a clock? it is very time consuming
                                                                                                             my body is telling me to go to sleep but my brain knows that there are oreos in the pantry.
                            this one got my coworkers the stewardess on my flight asked me what snack i would like. i told her "the plain chips would be fine. she says "they are all plane chips, sir."
                                                                                                                                 what do you call a obese fortune teller? a fortune teller, you fpher!!!
                                    sherlock and watson are filling in their college application. watson: sherlock? why have you skipped writing this essay? sherlock: it's supplementary my dear watson
                                                                                                                             i wish women would put the toilet seat back up after they're done using it.
                                                                                                               felons would be a really valuable voting base... after all, we know they have conviction.
                                                            the series finale of game of thrones will be the camera pulling back & revealing it was a snowglobe and the owner is watching sports instead
                                                                                                                                  did you know that chuck norris was born in a log cabin? that he built.
                                                            god: welcome to heaven i will answer any question you want now. me: why does target have 25 checkout lanes with only 2 always open? god: ...
                                                                                              if you're looking to learn how to get rich, i recommend reading this book how to get rich, by robin banks.
                                                                                                                                                              what's your favorite city in china? taiwan
                                                                               i bought a winter jacket at urban outfitters last august i got a really good deal because i bought it before it was cool.
                                                             a white american told me i shouldn't call myself "british" because brown people aren't native to britain. a white american white. american.
                                                             nice try, theatre ad. but some of us don't need to put our phones on silent, for we have prevented calls with our deplorable personalities.
                                                                                               i have been a prostitute for 40 years and i only have one piece of advice. always enjoy the small things.
                                                                                                                  "he is survived by his poop and three hineys." - obituary for the inventor of mad libs
                                                            pro tip: name your first child "butter", then accidentally take a different baby home just so you can say "i can't believe it's not butter!"
                                                                                                                         marriage consists of three rings.... engagement ring wedding ring and suffering
                                                                   a redhead tells her blonde sister, "i slept with a brazilian..." the blonde replies: "oh my gosh! you slut! how many is a brazilian?"
                                                                                                         my girlfriend called me a pedophile... and i said "that's a pretty big word for an 8 year old."
                                                            smartphone owners are the bravest. they're not afraid of anything not even death. they can walk into any running truck without giving a damn
                                                                                                                                         you'd think a dude named captain crunch would have amazing abs.
                                                                                                                                      what's the difference between a snowman and a snowwomam? snowballs
                                      because i'm such a portal 2 fan, i created my own levels. sadly, none of the "volunteers" have made it out alive and their families are starting to ask questions.
                                                                                                                                       you can try to annoy me with bird puns but toucan play that game.
                                                                                                              there was a mass sodomy at the mcdonald farm. everyone found out because the pig squealed.
                                 "mrs. arnold palmer, what do you do for good luck before your husband plays a tournament?" "well, i kiss his balls for good luck." "that must make his putter flutter."
                                                                                                                        what did the native american say when he killed his son on a hunting trip? bison
                                                                                                                                                      people who have quit reddit, how is life like now?
                                                                                                                              haikus have three lines sometimes they don't make much sense refrigerator.
                                                                         cris cyborg erupts after 'disrespectful' joe rogan jokes she has a penis after rogan and hinchcliffe suggested she had a penis.
                                                                                                                                                                   chuck norris doesn't sleep, he waits.
                                                                                          truth in advertising #1: burger king- your actually having it our way, and our way consists of making you fat.
                                                               "mom, dad, i'm gay" *dad looks angry as heck* "gay for women that is! haha, erm... i love me some vajimbos & those boob things yes siree"
                                                                                                                 reverse psychology is like regular psychology except the woman is facing the other way.
                                                                                                                                   what did the gay man say at the bar? "hey, can i push in your stool?"
                                                                                                       have you heard of charlie sheen and lindsey lohans new sitcom? it's called "two and a half grams"
                                                                                               if you assume all turtlenecks have sleeves, prepare to have your world rocked when this jacket comes off.
                                       why are helium, curium and barium called the medical elements? because if you can't helium or curium, you barium. (heard it from heimerdinger, league of legends)
                                                                                 if you've been kind to nature, birds will rescue you through your sunroof in a traffic jam and fly you to their kingdom
                                                                                                the first annie was a ginger top. now we have a black annie. what's next? a young feminist orphan annie?
                                                                                                                                 sex is hereditary... ... if your parents never had it you won't either.
                                               how many terrorist does it take to change a light bulb? none, they just hold a knife to its throat and threaten to execute it if it doesn't change itself
                                                                                                                                                           a man walks into a bar... ... he says "ouch!"
                                                                                    if i had a dollar if i had a dollar for every time a homeless guy asked me for money, i still wouldn't give him any.
                                                              cop: know why i stopped you? man in a restaurant eating fried chicken: huh? cop: you're using a knife and fork. step away from the chicken
                                                                                             chocolate fountains are so 20th century. this is the future. at my wedding we're having a burrito fountain.
                                                                              me: i'm gonna lose weight. me: i'm gonna exercise every day. me: i'm gonna go on a diet and stick to it. me: is that cake?
                                                                                                                                                         fe fi fo fum rhyme scheme tweets are kinda dumb
                                                                                                                                                                 did steve jobs' house have windows? ...
                                                                                                                                                      what does salvador dali eat for breakfast? surreal
                                                                                                  8 friends share a pizza. why did one friend not get any? he didn't get his fair share: one over eight.
                                                                                                    accuracy ##you miss 100% of the shits you don't take. made this typo and thought it was hilarious...
                                                                                                                          what does cows say when they want someone to move? muuuuuuuuuuuuhve...........
                                                                                                                         knock knock who's there ! adeline ! adeline who ? adeline extra to the letter !
                                                                           sure, white people can't say the "n word" but at least we can say phases like "thanks for the warning officer" and "hey dad."
                                                      two plates go into a resteraunt one plate says to the other, " don't worry i'll pay for the meal." the other plate replies, " no dinner is on me."
                                                                                                                                     why couldn't the pornstar join the navy? there was too much seamen.
                                                                  i swear if i see one more person enter this walmart wearing pajamas i am going to take the belt off my bathrobe and choke them with it
                                                                                                 what's the difference between peanut butter and jam? i don't want to peanut butter my dick up your ass.
                                                                                                                                         why can't irishmen be lawyers? they can never get past the bar.
                                                              a woman walks into a bar oh, i just wanted to say "a woman walks into a bar" because the jokes always start with "a man walks into a bar".
                                                                              newtons 3rd law of emotion newton's 3rd law of emotion is, for every male action there is a crazy ass female overreaction.
                                                                                                            i always cry before getting intimate with a girl does someone have tips against pepperspray?
                                                                                          is it a coincidence that as soon as bruce jenner turns into a female, that she becomes a bad driver? too soon?
                                                                                13 hours why did hilary clinton not go watch the movie 13 hours? she already slept through it once. edit: sleep to slept
                                                                                                                                                             99 problems and pizza solves every single 1
                                                                                 what's the difference between a gay man and a refrigerator? my refrigerator doesn't fart when i pull my meat out of it.
                                                                 my father was never proud of me. one day he asked me, "how old are you?" i said, "i'm five." he said, "when i was your age  i was six."
                                                                                  a group of crows framed my best friend for a crime he didn't commit i swear i'll find the murder who criminalized him!
                                                                                                                                   you guys need to leave pedophiles alone! they're just kidding around.
                                                               *hears a loud noise outside of bedroom door at night* *wife reaches over* "honey- where are you?" *already locked myself in the bathroom*
                                                                       my sister read '50 shades of grey' and relayed some of its explicit content. i pretended to think those things are shocking, too.
                                                                                                                               knock knock who's there ! button ! button who ? button in is not polite !
                                                                i stare at the cats. "and in space, if you knock something slowly off the table, it just gently floats away." they look at me in horror.
                                                                       this guy at the bar wouldn't shut up about how zombies "could be real" so i killed him... if he comes back...he wins the argument
                                                                                                              highways are a lot like toilets... it only takes a couple big shits to back everything up.
                                                                                                    what did the egyptian boy say to the egyptian girl? "come behind the pyramid, i'll make you a mummy"
                                                                                                                                                if she's "one-in-million" there's 1,344 of her in china.
                                                                                                          they say that 5 in 3 people are bad at fractions. don't even get me started on the other half.
                                                                                                                                          nothing warms my heart... ...quite like spontaneous combustion
                                       did you hear about the penn state professor who went around in a revolving door for six hours because he couldn't remember whether he was going in or coming out?
                                                                                                why do sailors give their wives a bouqet of ropes instead of flowers?? it's a bouqet of forget-me-knots.
                                                                                                                     farmer: what would you do if a bull charged you? mary: i'd pay whatever it charged.
                                                                                                          july 4th psa: on one hand fireworks are a lot of fun. on the other hand i only have 2 fingers.
                                                                                                                                                           what is a rifle with three barrels? a trifle.
                                              a dad sits down with his son for a talk dad says to his son, "hey, if you don't quit masturbating you're gonna go blind!" son says, "dad i'm over here..."
                                                                                                                                                what did the homeless man get for christmas? very hungry
                                                                                                                                           why was the intelligent heineken upset? 'cus the bud's wiser.
                                                                                                                          good one liner you have a striking face.....how many times has it been struck?
                                                                                                      five percent pleasure, fifty percent pain... you were waiting for the punchline but it never came.
                                                                                                                                i went into a cafe and said, " a crocodile sandwich and make it snappy."
                                                                                                                                 how do you keep a vegan from eating all your dairy? invite two of them.
                                                                                                                                                     why do people say look when they want me to listen?
                                                                                               i fear one day my gf will figure out every romantic thing i say to her is a line from brokeback mountain.
                                                            i think the inventor of the internet likely didn't intend for it to be used to post videos of simians reacting to humans doing magic tricks.
                                                                                                                              a man goes to the zoo. there's only one animal. it's a dog. it's a shitzu.
                                       a guy walks into a bar with jumper cables around his neck... bar tender looks at him and says, "i guess i'll let you hang out but you better not start anything."
                                                                                                                                           my favorite thing about babies is that none of them are mine.
                                                                                                                                    what do you get when you cross a bunny with an orange? a pip squeak.
                                           my dad taught me to swim the old fashion way he took me down to the river and threw me in. as soon as i got out of that burlap sack i could swim like a fish!
                                                                                                                                         you know why the undertaker was fired? he made a grave mistake.
                                                                                             what's the difference between isaac newton and the baby i just stabbed to death? isaac newton died a virgin
                                                                                                                   what did the nazi/islamist soccer team say when they lost the game? the shoes did it!
                                                            court decision: "i hereby find you guilty of clickbait, and sentence you to death by electric chair... ... what happens next will shock you"
                                                                                  a: my bag is getting heavier b: why? a: because i don't smoke... b: how does it matter?? a: "it ain't got any lighter"
                                                                                                                                             why did the mexican throw his wife into the river? tequila.
                                                                                                      i never took complex anal. in college so i had to find out about the residue theorem the hard way.
                                                                                                                                                           what do you call a young gold digger? a miner
                                                                                              two jews working in a shop. one of them asks: -abraham, how much is 13 times 8? -are we buying or selling?
                                                                                                              what's the difference between an egg and elliot rodger? an egg gets laid before it cracks.
                                                                                                                                            i've seen so many adam sandler films... it's not even funny.
                                                                                                                                                  what is cleverer than a talking cat ? a spelling bee !
                                                                                                                           who are the 3 most famous black women? 1. oprah 2. aunt jamima 3. motha fucka
                                                                                                                                           whats the hardest part of a vegetable to eat? the wheelchair.
                                                                                                                          have you seen that new film about a tractor? me neither, just saw the trailer.
                                                                                what did the lead researcher say when all of her colleagues were complaining about the experiment? "i don't care et al."
                                                                                                      ugh, i was planning this big romantic dinner for two and then my wife called to say she'd be home.
                                                                                                                                                                what do you call a bitchy oak? a country
                                                  a friend went to the cvs in baltimore after the looting to pick up some items, the only things left behind were sun tan lotion and father's day cards.
                                                                                                                                                 what's high in the middle and round on both ends? ohio.
                                                                                                                                              what has more brains than kurt cobain? the wall behind him
                                                             if i mess up at the beginning of a video game i just start over. this rule applies to life too. used wrong exit on fwy, calling it a day...
                                                                                                                         does your dog know how how to surf the internet? no - but he's got a ruff idea.
                                                                                                                                                              rioters are like school in july. no class.
                                                                                                                                             why does waldo wear stripes? he doesn't want to be spotted.
                                                                              a man walks into the doctor's office wearing nothing but cellophane (saran-wrap). dr. says, "clearly i can see your nuts!"
                                                                                                                                     why did the orange stop rolling down the hill? it ran out of juice.
                                                                                                                                 why are orphans terrible at baseball? they've never known what home is.
                                                                         me: mistakes my own hair for a spider at least once a day & screams also me: [watching criminal minds] i could totally be a cop
                                                                                                                           how do you know you're talking to a sales guy? he says "i'm not a sales guy".
                                                                                                                                                                americans won't get this free healthcare
                                                                                                        my wife accused me of pedophilia... so i dropped her right back in her stroller, and walked out.
                                                                                                                                                     i found zoloft delays my orgasm ey, jack, you late.
                                                                                                                                                                   he's a few clowns short of a circus. 
                                                                                                                                        what idiot called it a national anthem instead of country music?
                                                                                                                                                 why do we drive on parkways when we park  on driveways?
                                                                                                    q: what's the difference between aeroflot and the scud missile ? a: aeroflot has killed more people.
                                                                                                                                  "the main thing about being a woman is trying to lock in moisture" -tv
                                                                                                         i asked my french friend if he watched superbowl... ...he said bowling is not so big in europe.
                                                                                                                                                               only 2010's kids will get this... measles
                                                                                                                       my wife got a restraining order against me. i love it when she plays hard to get.
                                                                                             this guy says he rides a bike 20 miles a day, and then runs 5 miles a day too. yo bro, you gotta get a car.
                                                                                                                      putting random stuff in peoples carts. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xymoajoyzto
                                                                                                                                    what was a poor roman citizen's favorite breakfast? fruity plebbles.
                                                                                                   hinder: an app that locates available singles nearby who will stall your life in some significant way
                                                                                                                                               you can't choose your family but you can choose a hitman.
                                                                                                     hard to believe it's 2017 i'm still writing "this is a nightmare fuck everything omg" on my checks.
                                                                                                                 i've spent the last 2 years looking for my ex girlfriends killer. but no one will do it
                                                                                                                       what do you call a dog with no legs? doesn't matter. he won't come when you call.
                                                                                                                                    there is no such thing as an antique car. an antique car is a horse.
                                                                mammals for $500 alex "slow moving mammals that spend most of their time sleeping & eating" what are sloths? "wrong, what are coworkers"
                                                                a car with a car rack looked like a police car, so i slowed down, only to realize i had been tricked into obeying the law for no reason.
                                                                                                                                      what travels down an alley and is full of holes? batman's parents.
                                        police chase i was racing towards a cliff with police sirens ringing in my ears when i noticed my mirror was broken and i realized there was no looking back now
                                                                               so...donald trump was on the view today. i kept rewinding it and watching it trying to spot elizabeth hasselbeck's boner.
                                                                 "good morning please could i have one human ticket to the water park" sir are you a shark in disguise? *sharks fake eyebrows slide off*
                                                                                             people always get disgusted when i say i slept with my teacher... i think it's because i was home schooled.
                                                                                                                                                              yahoo answers is my primary care physician
                       my cousin was one of the most ambitious people i ever knew. unfortunately, he struggled with depression. his life motto? "gosh darn it, i'm going to kill myself, or die trying!"
                                                                                                                                                            the zoo only has one animal it's a shih tzu.
                                                                    you know the world has changed... when one of the things your doctor asks you is "are you gay?" when you tell him your butt hurts...
                                                                                       two cannibals are eating a clown... the one cannibal turns to the other and asks, "does this taste funny to you?"
                                                                                  women need to learn that "most of my friends are guys" just means you have a list of dudes who are trying to bone you.
                                                                                                                                              remember kids, you only burn in hell if you are religious.
                                                                                              what do you call a dog with no legs? it doesn't matter what you call him, he won't be able to come to you.
                                                                                                                      did you hear the one about the zombie telemarketer? they say he was a dead ringer.
                                                                                                                             ate frosted mini wheats this morning, pooped a mini patio set this evening.
                                                                                      why do dale earnhardt sr fans hate trump? because trump wants to build a wall... and a wall killed dale earnhardt.
                                                                                                    do you know what the difference is between a straight man mustache and a gay man mustache? the smell
                                          a jewish boy asks his father... a jewish boy asks his father, "dad, can i have 50 pence please? his father replies, "40 pence! what do you want 30 pence for?"
                                                                                                                              how many dubstep fans does it take to change a lightbulb? wuh-wuh-wuh-one.
                                                                                           why doesn't shirley manson change her facebook relationship status? she's only happy when "it's complicated."
                                                                                                                                                           what do you call a sleeping bull? a bulldozer
                                                                                                                                                 what idiot called it the sun instead of a space heater?
                                                                                                                     there's a new video game called earthquake coming out. i heard it's groundbreaking.
                                                                                                                        did you hear about the 150 lb. man who had 75 lb. testicles? he was half nuts!!!
                                                                                                                      it's not the amount of followers young grasshopper. it's the quality of followers.
                                                                                                                                knock knock who's there ! alf ! alf who ? alf all if you don't catch me!
                                                                                                                             according to really smart people i should have started saving 20 years ago.
                                                        flying illegally in the animal carriage are really comfortable in a way. bad side? there're no toilet. good side? they don't question the smell.
                                                                                                                                                          what do root vegetables do at tha club? turnip
                                                                                                                  what suicidal space creature did kirk find on the enterprise? a tribble with troubles.
                                                                                                                                       life of a chef must suck. all your work eventually turns to shit.
                                                                                                                                         don't look for a job in a funeral company it's a dying industry
                                                                                                                                                                                          i need a drink
                                                                                                                     dr: do you have kids? me: yes i have 3 kids dr: do you drink? me: yes i have 3 kids
                                                                                                                              what do you call it when a black guy gets a hard on? the dark knight rises
                                                                                                                 gramma gramma gramma gramma gramma chameleon she's old and cold she's old and coooooold
                                                                              so my girlfriend told me to treat her like a princess. so i put her in a castle and sent some italian plummer to find her.
                         how you can tell if a person is irish: a fly lands in their pint of beer. they grab the fly and start shaking it over their beer yelling "spit it out ya bastard, spit it out!"
                                                                     how many frat boys does it take to screw in a lightbulb? none. frat boys don't screw in lightbulbs; they screw in puddles of vomit.
                                                                                                               what's the difference between a chickpea and a lentil? i've never had a lentil on my face
                                                                                           i have a tattoo of a tiger shirt underneath my tiger shirt so when i take off my tiger shirt boom tiger shirt
                                                                                                                                         what's jared fogles favourite vietnamese cocktail? sum yung gai
              two snowmen are in a field... ...and one turns to the other and says "yeah, you're right, it does smell like carrots." my favorite joke - short, hysterical, and perfect for any occasion.
                                                                                                                 hey, you know why goldfish are the only snack that smiles back? because they are baked.
         walked out the pub the other night and seen a bloke at the end of the road with a broken down car. i said "what's the matter mate?" he said "piston broke" i said "so am i!" and stumbled home.
                                                                                                                                                        what do fat chicks do in the summer time? stink.
                                                             the year is 2200. all fossil fuels are depleted. our only source for coal is santa claus. everyone must be naughty for the sake of mankind.
                                                             something that i miss about being a child is people asking me what my favourite shape is. adults don't do this.it's a rhombus. u don't care
                                                                        when she found out he worked in technical support, it really turned her on. then it turned her off. then it turned her on again.
                                                                                                          my wife told me i'm not allowed to impersonate a flamingo anymore... i had to put my foot down
                                                                                                                                  what do you call a cannibal who only eats coma patients? a vegetarian.
                                          based on statistics the most used sexual position among married couples is doggy style... the husband sits and begs, while the wife rolls over and plays dead.
                                                                                                                 i have a friend whose status says "suicidal standing on edge of cliff'.... i poked him.
                                                                                          i was told i was addicted to cocaine, but i can assure you i am definitely not. i just love the way it smells.
                                                                                                                                                               "what else can we think about?"- insomnia
                                                                                                                                                 why isn't "cheating" a relationship status on facebook?
                                                                                                                                                        how many potatoes a day will make you fat? 00000
                                                                                                                                                                             what do ducks smoke? quack.
                                                                                                                                          why don't dead people sneeze? because they're too busy coffin.
                                                                                                                                        what is the earth's most juvenile lake? lake titicaca of course!
                                                                                                                               today as a random act of kindness, i wore a really tight sweater to work.
                                                                                                                                                          name the four seasons shit, summer, shit, shit
                                                                                                                  so i am a poet and a novelist challenges me to a fight... so i say "come at me, prose"
                                                              kardashian how many kardashians does it take to change a lightbulb? just one. they just hold it up because the world revolves around them.
                                                                                                                                                                                  opinion - 3.14 = onion
                                                                                                                                i dare mcdonald's to introduce a black hamburglar. i mcdouble dare them.
                                                                        always wanted to get married my daughter always dreamed of getting married when she was a little girl. so we converted to islam.
                                                             hate shaving? cut some time out of your morning routine by leaping into the ocean and letting the tide drag you to a watery demise instead.
                                                                                                                     diamonds are a girl's best friend until you realize they turn you into a shallow ho
                                                                                                                                                                  what's 50 cent's new name? 50 drachma.
                                                                                                        what did cinderella do when she got to the ball..... .... she gagged! haha my favorite joke ever
                                                                                                                                   ford, fiat, bmw fix or repair daily fix it again tony break my window
                                                                           today i asked my friend how hungover he was... he replied. "well on a scale of one to amy winehouse its not looking so good."
                                                                                                                       we call our new maid non sequitur, ...because she's latin and she doesn't follow.
                                                                                                                      what do you call the crazy people who always hang out with musicians? bass players
                                                                                                                        my friend is addicted to time-travelling but he reckons he can stop at any time.
                                                                                              i dated a 21 year old for 3 months before she looked up from her phone and realized i wasn't tobey maguire
                                                                                                                       i'm taking viagra and drinking prune juice - i don't know if i'm coming or going.
                                                                                                                                                                       review of black holes: zero stars
                                                                                                                                             origami is japanese for, "we haven't invented scissors yet"
                                                                                      why is a woman unlike a washing machine? after you throw a load in a washing machine it doesn't follow you around.
                                                                                                                          shockingly true what's the hardest part of eating a vegetable? the wheelchair.
                                                                                                                                     how did the t-rex feel after his workout session? he felt dinosore.
                                                                                                  life is like a dick. if it's soft, you can't beat it, but when it's hard, somebody's gonna get fucked.
                                                                                a chess grandmaster is asked "which do you prefer, sex or chess?" the grandmaster replies, "it depends on the position."
                                                                                                                   what did one tampon say to the other tampon? nothing, they are both stuck up bitches.
                                                                                   why doesn't santa claus have any children? because he only comes once a year, and when he does it's down the chimney.
                                                                                                                                                      what are you listening to right know ? candy shop.
                                                     i remember the last thing my grandfather ever said to me before he kicked the bucket... he said "hey, how far do you think i can kick this bucket?"
                                                                                                           you know what's great about jewish tires? they don't just turn on a dime, they pick it up too
                                                                                                                              there once was a magician who got so angry... that he pulled out his hare.
                                                                          i just want to have a long enough career in show business so i can become eccentric and bring a goat to a meeting or some shit
                                                                why was the boy unhappy to win the prize for the best costume at the halloween party? because he just came to pick up his little sister.
                                                                                                                                                              what color were hitler's shits? eva brown!
                                                                       i do things for others... like when i'm drunk dancing by myself, billy idol style, and i save my friends from being seen with me.
                                                                                                                                                       what do bees wear in the winter? *yellow jackets*
                                                                                            i can't afford ugg boots, so i just never shave below the knee to create the illusion that i'm wearing them.
                                                                                                                                i just watched the uncut version of scarface. it was just called "face."
                                                                                                                                 what is the only type of alcohol muslims are allowed to drink? takbeer!
                                                                                                                                         father's day was probably an awkward day in the jesus household
                                                                                                      why do people walk by and say "hi, how are you?" but they don't stop long enough for you to reply!
                                                                                                               why did cinderella get kicked off the baseball team? she kept running away from the ball.
                                                                                                                                                         bacon causes cancer. canadian bacon apologizes.
                                                                                                                                          why are there no penguins in britain? they're scared of wales.
                                                                                      bill clinton voted for hillary clinton in the electoral college today. first known instance of him being faithful.
                                                                                                           your girl's legs are like mcdonalds breakfast....... open 24/7 edit: replaced pants with legs
                                                                                                                                                                      what did the picky cow say? mewww.
                                                                                                                           take pride in what you're into, if thats exponents, well... more power to ya!
                                                                                                                        yo mama's so fat... ... that if you walk too close to her, you'll go into orbit.
                                                                                   if i'm ever kidnapped and forced at gunpoint to recite the abc's without singing the song tell my family i loved them
                                                                                                                             made a to/ too mistake, and am starting the car with the garage doors down.
                                                                                      i like my women like i like my coffee. hot af, overpriced and all over me within 30 seconds of getting in the car.
                                                             [the cops release the cadaver sniffing dogs into my living room for the third time this week] me: *pauses netflix* i told you i'm not dead!
                                                                                 *puts on shirt* *notices shirt has obvious stain* *takes off shirt* *hangs back up for future attempt at wearing shirt*
                                                                                                                           why was 6 afraid of 7? because 7 eight 9. that's right; that's the punchline.
                                               when people ask why i have a "trump 2016" sticker on my car i say it's for safety. when i'm pulled over, it's the quickest way to tell the cop i'm white.
                                                                                                                                                 what do you call a squadron of baby soldiers? infantry.
                                                                                            what's the difference between a catholic priest and acne? acne doesn't come onto a boy's face until he's 13.
                                                                             how to win the war on drugs 1) legalize all drugs. 2) require that all drugs be purchased through comcast customer service.
                                                                                                                     what do you call a man with no arms and no legs laying in a pile of leaves? russel.
                                                                                                                                                            which are the scariest kind of bees? zombees
                                                                                                                                            why can't coffee conduct electricity? because it is grounded
                                                                                                                    what did the walking staff say when accused of misleading sheep? "i am not a crook!"
                                                                                                                                           how do you get a nun pregnant? dress her up like an altar boy
                                                                                                              what is the difference between your dog and your girlfriend? you can get your dog to come.
                                                                                         i have an epipen. my friend gave it to me while he was dying. it seemed really important to him that i have it.
                                                    papa tomato, mama tomato and little tomato, are walking down the street. little tomato is walking a little slow so pap walks up and says... ketchup.
                                         if trump wins the election, i'm leaving the country. if clinton wins the election, i'm leaving the country. this isn't a political post; i just want to travel.
                                             a few years ago, katy perry came up to me at a party and whispered, "i want you to pound my little asshole." "you're on." i narrowed my eyes, "is he here?"
                                                                                         "snap! the rice krispie cereal mascot just isn't my type... ...his idea of a date is to just 'crackle and pop'"
                                         so a horse walks into a bar... and the bartender says, "why the long face?" to which the horse replies, "i'm a raging alcoholic and it's destroying my family."
                                                                                a second child fell into the cincinnati zoo gorilla enclosure. luckily the kid escaped and the gorillas were unharambed.
                                                                         i once knew a guy in high school who got caught masturbating in the shower. it really ruined our class trip to auchwitz for us.
                                                                                                                                                did you hear the creator of spaghetti died? he pasta way
                                                                                                                                               what's the most oldest joke in the world? the human race.
                                                                                                                                        what do you call a high definition piss? 1080 pee -- my roommate
                                                                                                                                     what do you call someone who only watches horror anime? a ouijaboo.
                                                                                      my grandfather gave me some sound advice when on his deathbed... "it's worth investing in good speakers." he said.
                                                                                                                                      how much does the average hipster weigh? about 74,000 insta-grams.
                                                                           want to avoid making excuses when people ask you to hang out? always say no when someone asks "wanna hear something amazing?"
    if edward snowden worked at a grocery market.. *loudspeaker* paging mr. edward snowden, mr. ed snowden constitutional breech on isle 1 &amp; 4 will mr. snowden please inform the public accordingly
                                                                                                     who are the fastest readers in the world? new yorkers. some can go through 110 stories in 5 seconds
                                                                                                   i was more nervous than a whore in church to tell you this but your about as useless as tits on a nun
                                                            every time i go for a run i think "why am i even doing this?" then i look back and see all the cops chasing me and it's like "oh yeah, duh."
                                                                                                                              i tried to make belt out of watches... ...but it was just a waist of time.
                                  a black man catches a goldfish and it says "if you let me go ill give you one wish!". he replies why do i get 1 and everyone else 3? "because you're a fucking nigger"
                                            got in trouble with the wife at dinner time last night. apparently when she asked me to turn on the veg, fingering her disabled sister isn't what she meant.
                                                                                                                                        what's a communists favourite sporting event? commonwealth games
                                                                                                                                           there are two kinds of people in this world. those who infer.
                                                                                                                                    why did the black guy loose all his money? because a cop robbed him.
                                                            so after i caught her cheating on me i wanted to jump out of a plane and die. anyway my name's tom and i'll be your tandem parachute partner
                                                                              now i know it's the 100 aniversary of the titanic and all... but aren't the italians going a little far with their tribute
                                                                                                                            my new year's resolution for 2017 was to lose 10 pounds. only 12 more to go.
                                                          similarities and differences between the canadian and chinese constitution. both have freedom of speech but only one has freedom after speech.
                                                                                     sure i could capitalize letters or add a period at the end of this sentence but honestly who has the time or energy
                                                                                                                   john need taxi john: hey, man! please call me a taxi. steve: yes, sir. you are a taxi
                                                               i turned in my letter of resignation to my smug supervisor at the refrigeration plant. he accepted it with his usual air of condensation.
                                                                         hi. my name is bill gates and today, i will be teaching you how to count to ten: 1, 2, 3, 95, 98, nt, 2000, xp, vista, 7, 8, 10
                                                             me: can u pick me up in ur claws dragon: go away dammit me: can u just put me in ur mouth plsi wanna look out from ur teeth like im in jail
                                                                                                                                                      a joke about 'the interview' nobody fucking cares.
                                                                                                                                        when i can't think if a joke i just masturbate and it cums to me
                                                                                           sometimes i'll just go "liking" some shit on the internet and i honestly don't even know if i really mean it.
                                                                                                                                                   i like my coffee like i like my men... not inside me.
                                                                                                                                     the jerk store called they say your order of jamaican spices is in.
                                                                                                                            when you're alone in your room, start doing karate so ghosts know what's up.
                                                                                    shout-out to cows. without them we wouldn't have burgers, pizza, chocolate, ice-cream and many other delicious food.
                                                                   did you hear about that deaf guy that tried climbing mount everest? neither did he. worst part was, no one ever heard from him again.
                            a blonde women just found out some frightening statistics... she was just informed that over 90% of car accidents happen within 10 miles of the persons house. so she moved.
                                                                                                                                             what is it called when batman skips church? christian bale!
                                                             saw interstellar over the weekend & was totally glued to my seat. the movie was ok but the getting-glued-to-my-seat thing ruined it for me.
                                                                                                                                           (nsfw) know how i know you're gay? your dick tastes like shit
                                                                                                people are like books. you can't judge them by the outside and it's not cool to burn a big pile of them.
                                                                                                                                why did the tiger get lost in the jungle? because the jungle is massive!
                                                              the 9-year-old in me thinks life is all about fun. but then i think, how long is it gonna take to digest this kid? i'm a huge python, btw.
                                                                                                            my first job was working in an orange juice factory, but i got canned: couldn't concentrate.
                                                             yo momma,.. yo momma is so stupid, that when they play *do the brown* she thinks its *dodo brown* and the bitch shits on herself each time.
                                                                                                           nicki minaj looks like an unlocked character that you get on the last level of mortal kombat.
                                           what's the difference between a clever midget and my ex-girlfriend, the trackstar? one's a cunning runt... and i forget the rest, but your mother is a whore.
                                                                                             my boyfriend wakes me up when he wants to have sex... do i wake him up when i want to buy shoes???... no!!!
                                                                                                                                   i have a chinese friend with really bad internet his name is hai ping
                                                                                        me: you want to watch a horror movie for halloween? dog: sure, put it on me: *turns on dyson vacuum infomercial*
                                i was walking through the park last night and one guy threw sodium chloride on me and another covered me in sulphuric acid. it was terrible. i didn't know how to react.
                                                                                  sticking a $5 bill into a vending machine turns it into my grandmother, dispensing stale snacks and rare dollar coins.
                                                                           i would totally surf a tsunami. if i didn't get nauseous on water. and if tsunamis weren't dangerous. and i knew how to surf.
                                                                                            how do you catch a one-of-a-kind rabbit? unique up on it. how do you catch a very calm rabbit? the tame way.
                                                                                                                                                my favorite yoga pose is the upward facing couch potato.
                                                                                                                                                    women, give them an inch and they'll want all eight.
                                                                                my dick is so long if i laid it on the keyboard it would stretch all the way from a to z .... ..... .... wait... shit...
                i was walking down the road.. i was walking down the road and saw a beautiful woman, a spark flew off between us. we had passionate, amazing sex. amazing what tasers can do these days.
                                                                                         police are on the lookout for a magician dwarf who escaped prison. they're looking for a small medium at large.
                                                                                                                 what did the eskimo lady ask her husband when they were having sex? are you even inuit?
                                                                                                                                         the longest joke in the world http://longestjokeintheworld.com/
                                                                                            my mom accidentally killed my boyfriend this weekend. she didn't recognize him when she was canning pickles.
                                                                                the second worst thing to say on a date... ...is that you have to fart. the worst thing to say is, "that wasn't a fart."
                                                                                                                                                         what is wun-wun's favorite activity? taekwundo.
                                                                                             how many therapists does it take to change a light bulb? just one, but the light bulb has to want to change
                                                                                                                   i sat on santa's lap.. i asked for a bigger dick. he called his black brother-in-law.
                                                                                                                 what do you do when your girlfriend starts to smoke? slow the pace and apply more lube!
                                                             it would be way cooler if whenever you punched a kid, a bunch of coins came out of them like in mario. but ya, i'm free to babysit tonight.
                                                                                                                             dogs have non-traditional family structures... because they have four pa's.
                                                                                                      i would never cheat in a relationship because that would require two people to find me attractive.
                                                                       what do you get when you cross an insomniac, agnostic and a dyslexic? someone who stays up all night wondering if there is a dog.
                                                                                                                                what do you call a black woman who has had 8 abortions? a crime fighter.
                   doctor &amp; patient f doctor: "i'm sorry but you suffer from a terminal illness and have only 10 to live." patient: "what do you mean, 10? 10 what? months? weeks?!" doctor: "nine."
                                                                                                                       why was the sapling such a horrible entrepreneur? because he couldn't branch out.
                                                                                                  last month i decided to invest in a gym membership. since then i have lost... ...about $39.99 in cash.
                                                                                                             dad: "son, if you don't stop masturbating you're gonna go blind." son: "i'm over here dad."
                                                                                                                             it wasn't much fun having a broken neck, but now i can look back and laugh.
                                                                                                                                  half the time i hug anyone i'm just wiping my hands off on their back.
                                                                                                                                                               wow i'm hungry. i haven't eaten all year.
                                                         jurassic park i was watching jurassic park the other day, when i thought, "not only does my son have a stupid name, but hes also a shit driver"
                                                                                                                                          how do you find will smith in the snow? look for fresh prints.
                                                              [er] me: i cant feel my legs am i dying doc? dr: *loosens my belt*unbuttons my pants* me: is this appropriate? *blood returns to legs* oh.
                                                                                                                                                       what do you call a pompous hobbit? bilbo braggins
                                                                                                                        what does a snowman say to his son on his birthday?(dad joke) happy brr-day son!
                                                                                                                          my life i just lost like 500 on betting..what the fuck am i doing with my life
                                                             how many cops does it take to screw in a light bulb? none. they'll just arrest the light for being broke and beat the room for being black.
                                                                                                                                                what did a pirate say to fellow pirate? are you seeding?
                                                                                                                                what is the best way to stop a politician? a really strong gust of wind.
                                                                                                                                                 knock knock whos there" allah allah who? allahwho akbar
                                                                                                                                                              what kind of bagel can fly? a plain bagel.
                                                                                                                                                 paris hilton is suddenly a dj? well. then i'm a dragon.
                                                                         what's the worst advice calculus can give you? integral of e^x because that's se^x dx and it's never a good idea to sex the ex!
                                                                                       how do you tell who the extroverted engineers are? they're the ones who look at your shoes when they talk to you.
                                                                                                               i'm too embarrassed to tell you how many times i've mistaken insulation for cotton candy.
                                                                                                                                          how do you circumscize a redneck? by kicking his sister's jaw.
                                                                                                                                    a fat racist and a skinny racist jump off a cliff. who wins? society
                                                                                                                                           why did the vacuum get a raise? because it sucked at its job.
                                                                                      what's the difference between a priest and a dog? one wears pants and a collar, the other wears a collar and pants
                                                                                                                                                                  how do australians have sex? they mate
                                                              i was eating bbq ribs and my waitress asked me if i wanted a wet nap... ...i told her it wasn't necessary because i had one earlier today.
                                                               *walks into the hottest restaurant w/out a reservation* we're fully booked "ahem, i'm yelp reviewer turdboner69" sorry sir right this way
                                                                                                                                       i don't even like sleep, it's just the only way i can eat spiders
                                                                                                so 2 astronomers decided to throw a party they sit down for lunch and one of them says: ok, let's planet
                                                                                                                                     q: why did the baker have brown hands? a: because he kneaded a poo.
                                                                                             you're psychiatrist's opinion about your social media habits don't count if he has less followers than you.
                                                                                                                                                               chuck norris can believe it's not butter.
                    a guy walks into a laundry run by cats. "excuse  me" he said to the cat in charge "can you get milk stains out?" "sure" replied the cat. "we'll have that stain licked in a minute!"
                                                                                                                                                                 my biggest fear is racists. and blacks.
                                              mexican magician a mexican magician tells the audience he will disappear on the count of 3. he says, "uno, dos..." *poof*... he disappered without a tres.
                                                                                                                          i just ate 4 cans of alphabet soup. i'm going to have the best vowel movement.
                                                                     wait a minute... computer! freeze this porn video! now, zoom in 900%. enhance... enhance... rotate 360 ... there! no wedding rings!
                                                                                                                      did you hear the one about the three deep holes in the ground? well, well, well...
                                                                                                                                                    what do you call a joke about oral sex? pun-ilingus.
                                                                                                        did you hear about that new supervillain, the weather man? i hear he's taking the world by storm
                                                                                                                                                         my dick is a joke nobody's ever seen it coming.
                                                                                                                                        i'm high as a kite tied to columbia... ...will explode any time.
                   beware of lawyers 7 "are!you!a!lawyer?" "yes." "how!much!do!you!charge?" "a!hundred!dollars!for!four!questions." "isn't!that!awfully!expensive?" "yes.!what!is!your!fourth!question?"
                                                                                                                                          my mother went missing in vietnam during the war... momma mia!
                                                                                         what do you get when you cross a mosquito with a rock climber? nothing. you can't cross a vector with a scalar.
                                                                                                                                              i'm writing a swiss novel but there's a lot of plot holes.
                                                                                                                                             war does not determine who is right... ...only who is left.
                                                                                                                                                     what animal has a dick on its back? a police horse.
                           cabbage get merried to onion friends ask them about wedding nigh . . . . . . . cabbage told them in sad way "what wedding night, it tooks whole night to undress each other".
                                                                                            why couldn't the stoner simplify his binomials in front of the class? because a watched pothead never foils.
 i was playing guitar  then my 2 year old took my guitar pick and dropped it somewhere. "where is my pick," i said. he replied "oink oink! " i repeated the question but got the same answer every time.
                                                                  i got a bracelet that posts where i ran, and how far to facebook, and i put it on a deer. so it just looks like i'm lost in the woods.
                                                                    "i put on pants for nothing" - my 10 yo after she got dressed and her soccer game was cancelled. someone set up her twitter account.
                                                                                              did you hear about the guy who wanted to be reincarnated as a stud? he woke up on a snow tire in michigan.
                                                                                 15 men all vying for the chance to fight with one woman: 1. the bachelorette 2. the american presidential race samsies.
                                                                                                                                                                                      the mistaken hiker
                                                                                                                    what do you do when you see michael j. fox in a bathtub? throw in a load of laundry.
                                                                                                              ever since we lowered our ceilings here at the shipyard, sails have gone through the roof.
                                                                                          david cameron sends alex salmond a text following the scottish vote... david: "hi mate just checking in, u k?"
                                                                                                                                                  "?leef uoy ekam taht did woh dna" - reverse psychology
                                                                                                                  how do jockeys determine which racehorses are the favourites? they take a gallop poll!
                                                                                                                     i can already tell december 21st will be the most annoying day in facebook history.
                                                                       i'm going to throw an awesome surprise party for my daughter when she gets home and realizes i know that she snuck out! surprise!
                                                                                           if you're having girl problems i feel bad for you son i got 99 problems and a bitch is all of them i feel you
                                                                          [at restaurant on 1st date pretending not to be an eel] date: the wine is lovely great choice me: *helplessly slips off chair*
                                                                                                   i still keep my old blackberry on me in case i get mugged and the person's like "hand me your phone!"
                                                                                                                                                     what do you call a asian walking a dog a vegetarian
                                                                                               damn girl i like the way you constantly change your profile pic to the one good picture of you from 2008.
                                                                                                                             what did the peanut say to his wife before he left? i'll be back in a jiffy
                                                                                                                                 why did the orange stop in the middle of the road? it ran out of juice.
                                                                                                                                         i can really only think of one thing worse than genocide. jews.
                                                                                                     normal people flirting: hey you're cute we should go out sometime me flirting: so do you like bread
                                                                                                                                              how did the otaku redneck guy name his daughter? annie mae
                                                                            what's a hippie's favorite animal? an elk it has the e, the l, and the k. would like to hear some more if you guys have any.
                                                                                                                                                  a guaranteed way to make a hormone... don't pay her...
                                                                                                    my disrespectful teen son somehow got hold of a gluten product and now he wants to become a cat girl
                                                                                                                                     i'm always caught between a rock and someone i want to throw it at.
                                                                                                                                                          i'm anti-thesaurus, for lack of a better word.
                                                                                                              why did the hipster burn himself while eating pizza? because he ate it before it was cool.
                                                                 now that is a great looking tie! just. wow. i mean, shit, that's nice! seriously, that tie is fucking perfect! ... i ran over your kid.
                                                                                  what is the difference between beer nuts and deer nuts? beer nuts are a dollar twenty five, deer nuts are under a buck
                                                                                                                                                              a horse trots into a bar, trips, and falls
                                                                                                    what is the difference between a pizza and a jew? a pizza doesn't scream when you put it in the oven
                                                                                                                       what do kodak film and john lennon have in common? they both came in a yellow box
                                                                                           i didn't believe the rumours about clowns being spotted all over the country until i saw them debating on tv.
                                                                                                                                     why did comic sans's girlfriend leave him? he just wasn't her type.
                                                                                                     two fish are sitting in a tank. one fish says to the other, "i don't know how to drive this thing".
                                                                                            heard they are making the tetris movie into a trilogy... they must think its going to be a real blockbuster.
                                                                                           just saw a dude with a row of pimples that looked exactly like a sick handlebar moustache. nice one, puberty.
                                                                                                                                         what fruit had to have an announced wedding at home? cantaloupe
                                                              a (non-racist) chinese joke a chinese man and a chinese woman get married. they have a baby boy. what color is the sun? &amp;nbsp; yellow.
                                                                                                       we should start calling policemen diamonds. [x-post /r/showerthoughts] diamonds  clubbing spades.
                                                                                                                                   if you post bdsm jokes on /r/jokes.... does it count as a submission?
                                                                                                                                                   do they make special shoes for gingers with no soles?
                                                                                                                               sorry i can't go out. i forgot to charge my phone halfway though the day.
                                                                                                                                                    i think i need a new butt... because mine is cracked
                                                                                                         why are boxers never late to their fights? because they have developed very good punch quality.
                                                                                                                                                                              my new years resolution 4k
                                                                                                                 what do you do when a feminist, anti-feminist and meninist cross paths? triggernometry.
                                                                                     do vegans get paid hourly or celery? that's it. that was the joke. no witty punchline or anything like that. sorry.
                                                                                                        what did the memory say to the processor? if you apply a voltage to me, i'm going to flip a bit!
                                                                                why do scuba divers always jump backwards off the boat? if they jumped forwards, they would still be on the boat! sorry.
                                                                                                                                 i pay a monthly membership fee that lets me think about going to a gym.
                                                                                                                                                   how long does a dog's bark last? **ruff**ly a second.
                                                                             i have to make a best man's speech at my brother's wedding next month. i need a few jokes to liven up my speech. any ideas?
                                                                                                                 why are giraffe's necks so long? because their heads are so far away from their bodies!
                                                                                                                   really google auto-complete? you really think i want to search for 'hardcore poem'???
                                                                                                                 what happens when two bald men put their heads together? they make an ass of themselves
                                                                                                                      i asked my north korean friend how it was there.. .. he said he couldn't complain.
                                                                                                      that old expression: "hold the phone!" doesn't work anymore because everyone is already doing that
                                                                                                                                                     just got my free yearly car wash thanks california!
                                                                                         how many confederate flag bearing husbands does it take to beat up their wives? none, she fell down the stairs.
                                                                                                                    what does michael jackson and j.c. penny have in common? little boys pants half off.
                                                                                                                                                         what do you call a swiss priest? a holy cheese!
                                                                  i tried to send an e-mail and broke my computer. how do you manage that? i think it was when i tried to push it through the letterbox.
                                                                    a one liner i thought up while watching anthony bourdain's new show... "i've seen more crazy shit than anthony bourdain's ass hole."
                                                                                                                                               cheese shop exploded thankfully i was only hit by da brie
                                                                                                                                                 why didn't they use black phosphorous? it doesn't work.
                                                                                                                                                             how many birds can play tic-tac-toe? toucan
                                                                                         what's the difference between a basketball player and a mexican? nothing, they both run, jump, shoot and steal.
                                                              a horse walks into a bar. the bartender says "why the long face?" the horse sues him for discrimination and wins $4.3 million and the bar.
                                                                                                                   there is so much dust on that drawer that if you sneeze on it mattress will fall out.
                  a vampire walks into a bar... and orders a cup of hot water. the bartender asks "i thought you guys only drink blood?" the vampire pulls out a used tampon and says, "i'm making tea."
                                                                                                             did you hear about the constipated mathematician? he worked his problems out with a pencil.
                                           for every dollar a man makes.... for every dollar a man makes, a women makes 70 cents. thats not right thats not fair the mans only left with 30! -bo burnham
                                                                                                                                                           i see your choices and raise you one eyebrow.
                                                                                      if you ever see a tweet that says "www@google.com", that's my grandma trying to use the internet. leave her alone.
                                                                                                                                i like my chairs the way i like my women quiet and conforming to my body
                                            knock knock, interrupting cat (warning, do not tell joke in busy public areas) knock knock who's there?  interrupting cat   interrupting ca...    mmeeaaooww
                                                                              me: [sits down to eat breakfast] girlfriend: babe, you forgot the french toast me: oh sorry [raises glass] vive la france!
                                                                                                                                         someone stole my mood ring. i don't know how i feel about that.
  a cabbage walks into a bar wearing a red leaf. the bartender takes one look at it and asks another patron how they feel about the cabbages bold new look. the patron replies, "i think it's ridic yo."
                                                                              [duck support group] "after i lost barbara i was doing bread 5, maybe 6 times a day" *the other ducks nod sympathetically*
                                                                                                             q: what did the blonde say when her doctor told her that she was pregnant? a: "is it mine?"
                                                                                                                         my eleven year old brother: "i have asperger's syndrome..." "...want a burger?"
                                                                                           next time you're on an elevator with a stranger say, "if the doors open and it's all zombies, let's team up."
                                                                                                       mom told meh to not waist my food she said we were gonna have to 'tighten our belts' around here.
                                                                                                        you mean 'idiosyncrasies' doesn't mean two or more idiots doing the same thing at the same time?
                                                                                                                             what's that coffee drink with icecream? i used to know it, but... affogato.
                                                                                                                   why does leonardo dicaprio love his fast car? because he got an award for revvin' it.
                                            a patient in his hospital bed asks his doctor... patient: doctor, how much time do i have left to live...? doctor: ten patient: ten what...? doctor: nine...
                                                                                                                          why do the undead read cringe stories? because they're already... dead inside.
                                                                                                                                        my girlfriend says i can't visualise things i can't imagine why.
                                                                                           did you hear about the witch who had the ugliest baby in the world? she didn't push the pram - she pulled it.
                                                                                "you're fat, you smell bad, your teeth aren't as white as they should be, and your genitals are pathetic." - advertising
                                                                                why did neil armstrong get to set foot on the moon before buzz aldrin? they wrestled over it. neil had the stronger arm.
                                                                                                                        did you hear that darth vader made some toast? it was a little on the dark side.
                                                                                            first monster: i'm so thirsty my tongue's  hanging out. second monster: oh. i thought that was your necktie!
                                                                   how were you conceived? daddy came on his shoe and kicked mommy in the ass. or daddy came on the wall and mommy ran against the wall.
                                                                                                                               it's so cold outside i saw a politican with his hands in his own pockets.
                                                                                                                                               the important thing to remember is that nobody asked you.
                                                                                                         what is the difference between a pickpocket and a peeping tom? a pickpocket snatches watches...
                                                                    did you hear about the candy factory they opened on the east coast? it closed after a month... they couldn't find any good wrappers.
                                                                                                                 what falls down faster from a tree, a leaf or an emo? a leaf. the rope catches the emo.
                                                                                                  i got addicted to eating deli meat right out of the refrigerator... but i decided to quit cold turkey.
                                                            what do you call homosexual dinosaurs? what do you call a lesbian dinosaur? a lickalotapuss. what do you call a gay dinosaur? a megasoreass.
                                                                                                                          how do you know an asian has robbed your house? they're still in your driveway
                                                                                                                             why isn't cindy spelled sindie? whoever caid c makes an s cound was ctupid.
                                                                                                                                                         what's a metaphor? winning the game tournament!
                                                                                                                          how many cops does it take to push a black man down the stairs? none. he fell.
                                                                                                                                        why did princess leia spit and not swallow? because it was chewy
                                                                                                                              what's six inches and not getting sucked today whitney houston's crackpipe
                                                                today, i saw that my ironing board cover was wrinkled.i laughed at the irony.then i laughed again because irony has the word iron in it.
                                                                                                                                                           what was hitler's amplifier called? mein ampf
                                                                                                                           my neighbor has 2 dogs... their names are rolex and timex they're watch dogs.
                                                   modified oldie: my dick is ... boaster: my dick is 12 inches but i don't use it as a rule boaster+: and mines one metre but i don't use it as a foot!
                                                                                                            true love is waking up in the middle of the night just to watch your laptop while it sleeps.
                      two whales are sitting at a bar one whale looks over to the other and says "eeeeeeeeeeeoooooooooouuuuuuu" and the other whale looks at him and says, "man you're really fucked up"
                                                                   me: guess what i shaved! him: your armpits? me: no him: your mustache? me: no him: your nec- me: i don't wanna play this game anymore
                                                                                  i was furious when i found my wife's profile on an on-line dating website. that lying bitch isn't, "fun to be around."
                                                             teacher asks: what is the difference between a prostitute, a girlfriend and a wife.student replies: prepaid, post paid and  unlimited plan.
                                                                                                                                           there are 2 things i hate in this world people and hypocrites
                                                                                                                                           how do you make canadians? fucking eh's. i'll see myself out.
                                                                                                                                                    what kind of bug can survive all winter? a bahumbug!
                                                                so i'm about to have a unilateral orchiectomy (true story)... and i say to the urologist surgeon, "i guess the ball's in your court now"
                                                                                                                 ironically i'm watching an exercise infomercial because i'm too lazy to get the remote.
                                                                                                                                                     what phone service has the fastest internet? sprint
                        what does a former terrorist playboy say to the officer interrogating him? "look, officer, i may be wearing a turban, and i may have a gun on me, but i ain't bin laiden years!"
                                                                                                                                                       half-life 3 has finally been announced at e3!! :(
                                                                                                                     your baby looks the same as it did yesterday. me, commenting on a facebook picture.
                                                                                                                                                                   i have created a new word! plagiarism
                                                                                                                                                   why did saint francis cry? someone called him assisi.
                                                              scrabble was invented by nazi's to piss off kids with dyslexia. the word "dyslexia" was invented by nazi's to piss off kids wigh dyslexia.
                                                                                                           a local dj is beat up and left for dead, i guess you could say... the tables have been turned
                    it's time for dirty limericks! there once was a lady from decatur who got laid by a large alligator. but nobody knew the result of that screw because after he laid her, he ate her.
                                                                        4/10 teachers in the uk 'assaulted by pupils' this is terrible... go for us in assemblies, we're all grouped up. you can't miss!
                                                                                                                                         q: how does the queen bee get around her hive? a: she's throne.
                                                                                                                                                   how do you discipline a pet rock? you hit rock bottom
                                                                                                                                                    what do you call a flaming homosexual? a hate crime.
                                                                                                                                          millennials make the best spys... they've got nothing to lose.
                                                                          son: mom, why are you always showing up at my school on chicken nugget day? me: *literally salivating* here to see you, buddy.
                                                                                 "daddy!?!" (toddler calling out) me: "daddy's upstairs but can i help you with something?" "yes. you can go get daddy."
                                                                    "will..." *starbucks barista squints at name on cup* "... the red slime shoddy please stand up?" *eminem flips table and storms out*
                                                                                                                           i know a certain right hand that is going to be getting very lucky tonight...
                                                                                   i'm sorry this birthday cake suffered a severe accident where my hand fell into it and a chunk of it filled my mouth.
                                       why does the trump campaign hire people in groups of three? one who can read, one who can write, and one to keep an eye on the other two "elitist intellectuals."
                                                                              what did one the left headphone say to the right headphone as they walked through a haunted house? this place feels earie.
                                                                                                                        a guy comes in a bar my bad, it's actually a horse. so a guy comes in a horse...
                                                                  apparently, my office doesn't think the women's restroom needs a tampon disposal, so wrapped it up and put it in their suggestion box.
                                                                                   so apparently "you can't tell me what to do, you're not my real dad!" isn't of much use when dealing with armed cops.
                                                            my 4-year-old thinks the 5-second rule means she can eat anything off the floor if she waits 5-seconds first. that m&m was from last easter.
                                                                        last night i was at the bar and this guy kept yelling "bastard" at his pint of beer. it's never nice to witness substance abuse.
                                                                                                                                       *jesus turns around to find only 11 apostles* "who unfollowed me"
                                                                                                                                                        what did water say when ice farted? ice melt it.
                                                                                                               why does a chicken coup have two doors? if it had four doors it would be a chicken sedan!
                                                                                                                                  what is a grape without 'g'? it's still a grape, just without gravity.
                                                                                                                                           what do you call a gay bar with no bar stools? a fruit stand.
                                                                                                                                        what do you call a black pilot ? a pilot , you racist dumbass...
                                        ricky sent sms to his boss: "me sick, no work" boss sms back: "when i am sick i kiss my wife try it" 2 hours later ricky sms 2 boss: "me ok, ur wife very sweet"
                                                                                *sat talking to a girl at a bar* brain: compliment her perfume, nicely. me: i am smelling you brain: why do you hate me?
                                                                                                                                      my girlfriend told me stop singing wonderwall. i said maaaaybe....
                                                                                                                                                    a wife can enjoy anything, until it's not my salary.
                                                               and then i was all: "i'm really getting sick of your shit, bitch." and then she was all: "to speak with a representative please press 7."
                                                                                                                                                                     wanna hear a joke?? this subreddit.
                                                                                                                                 corny joke i was going to tell you a joke about farms, but it was corny
                                                                        i'm really impressed with the enthusiasm of the workers getting qatar ready for the world cup they're dying to get the job done.
                                                                                                                                        dicks are like lays potato chips... no one ever sucks just one!!
                                                                                                                                                                                i just had ebola cereal.
                                                             when i was just a little girl, i asked my mother what will i be. will i be pretty, will i be rich? here's what she said to me: go to sleep.
                                                                                                                              this is best joke :d watch it. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mvhlzkzpih0
                                                                                      son: daddy, what's it like to have the most awesome son in the world ? father: i don't know, ask your grandfather.
                                                                  daylight saving time ends today. so i have to remind myself, that the clock on my microwave will be wrong for the next several months.
                                                                                                                    why are black people unable to get a phd? because they can't get past their masters.
                                                                                                    i dig, she dig, we dig, he dig, they dig, you dig .. it's not a beautiful poem but it's really deep.
                                                                                                                              what does weed and the quran have in common? if you burn it you get stoned
                                                                                                                                                                     what's brown and sticky? a stick...
                                                                                                                                is your ass a computer? because i want to back it up to a 3 inch floppy.
                                                                                                    i bet abe lincoln only paid with $5 bills then as the cashier's face lit up, he'd smugly grin "yep."
                                                                                                                         chevrolet has seen a huge drop in sales in canada they just hate the 2016 cruze
                                                                                                                                 it's been 5 years now. i'm afraid that i actually might not be bloated.
                                                                                                                                     why are cigars unhealthier than cigarettes? because they're fatter.
                                                                           armless alice q. why did alice fall off the swing? a. because she has no arms. q. knock knock? *who's there?* a. not alice...
                                                                                                                                 i told my friend she drew her eyebrows on too high she looked surprised
                                                                                                                                                     what type of meat are your calves made of? bologna.
                                                                                      what is the deal with airplane food? seriously, i'm trying to feed this thing and i don't know what airplanes eat.
                                                                                                                                                                an apple a day keeps the government away
                                                                                                                                                         what was amanda todd's favourite anime? naruto.
                                                                                                                     q: what do you call a country bumpkin from michigan's upper peninsula? a: a hick-up
                                                                          the scots are updating the perception of traditional scottish fare. oatmeal porridge will now be known as a highland smoothie.
                                                                                                    i got fired from the banana plantation for "wasting resources" all i did was throw out the bent ones
                                                            hey where's brian? "oh he's taking a p_ _p" a what? "um dropping a d_ _c_" huh? "taking a sh_t....uhh cr_p!" oh! he's evacuating his vowels?
                                                                                                                                          what did the baby corn say to the mama corn? where's pop corn?
                                                                                                                                      what is the one type of person that will never get angry? a nomad.
                                                                                                                                                    how do you tell off a toilet? tell them to eat shit.
                                                                                                                                         which sex position produces the ugliest kids? ask your parents.
                                                                                                                                        you're the reason i wake up everyday. just kidding i have a job.
                                                                                                                                                      how to cure affluenza? introduce him to warhammer.
                                                              dear grocery bagger, please don't put dryer sheets and bread in the same bag. my kids don't like peanut butter & spring meadow sandwiches.
                                     how many women have you slept with my wife asked me, "how many women have you slept with?" i proudly replied, "only you, darling. with all the others i was awake."
                                                                              there is no life on earth without water.nbecause without water, there is no coffee.nand without coffee, i'll kill you all.
                                                                                                                                                       why are white girls odd? because they can't even!
                                                                                                                                what do blondes do after they comb their hair? they pull up their pants.
                                                                     my lesbian neighbors gave me a rolex for my birthday it was mighty kind of them, but they misunderstood when i said "i wanna watch"
                                                            imagine a hunter in a deer stand but instead of a gun he has a long stick he pokes the deer with and they look around like "ok who did that"
                                                                                        i can't believe they still have commercials for phone sex. what kind of sick maniac enjoys "talking on a phone?"
                                                                                                                                              how do you keep a idiot waiting? i'll tell you guys later.
                                                                                                                                                what's the best rape prevention tool? a de-boning knife.
                                                              sometimes i like to hysterically tell mall security that my infant son has gone missing just so i can show people baby pictures of myself.
                                                                                                            if i was an oreo, how would you eat me? wrong. it's a trick question. people can't be oreos.
                                                                                                                      wife: "was that lightning?!" me: "no, they're taking pictures for google earth..."
                                                                                                                                         does the easter bunny like baseball? oh yes. he's a rabbit fan!
                                                                                                                                   killing enemies give you xp but killing level 0 enemies is pointless.
                                                                                                                                                           bats are just rats who had too much red bull.
                                                                                                    witty vachan on twitter, this is hilarious https://twitter.com/wittyvachan/status/636626830607282176
                                                                                                                q. why do men buy electric lawn mowers? a. so they can find their way back to the house.
                                                                           what did the psychiatrist say to the patient that showed up wearing saran wrap and nothing else? i can clearly see your nuts!
                                                                                  glad my dog is warning me about the child walking down the street catching snowflakes on his tongue. he seems sketchy.
                                                                     an englishman walks into a bar there's usually an irishman, scotsman and welshman too but they're all still at the rugby world cup!
                                                                                                                                                     why do farts stink? so the deaf can enjoy them too.
                                                                                     how to flirt: 1. giggle 2. apply lip gloss 3. look down coyly 4. realize you applied concealer 5. fall off barstool
                                                                                                                                                     some of my best friends started out as bad choices.
                                                                                                                                   want to hear a corny joke? it's so good, you'd say it was a-maize-ing
                                                                            "you're breaking up with me, here? and now?!" "it's just not working out" *both continue pedaling tandem bicycle in silence*
                                                                                                                                          *runs into coworker at store* *pretends i don't speak english*
                                                                                                                                              do you know who wants some good d? no, who? football fans.
                                                                            wife: but the zoo told you never to come back me: [loading hotdogs into shotgun] those giraffes can't live on salad, eleanor
                                                                  i just walked in on my manager vigorously masturbating. he told me to stop vigorously masturbating and get the hell out of his office.
                                                                       the mother of all dad jokes. dad: *picks up caterpillar* i'll name him hans! person: "why?" dad: "because he's got lots of hans!"
                                                                                                      what's the difference between and egg and a wank? you can beat a an egg but you can't beat a wank.
                                                                                                                   why is boromir such a hit at orgies? because when he blows his horn everyone comes ;)
                                                                her: oh no, i've lost my jacket.. me: *appears from the shadows* (whispers) you left it at the restaurant *slinks back into the shadows*
                                                                                                                                          knock knock "knock knock" "who's there?" "no, who's on first!"
                                            i saw your girlfriend kissing another man... - and what she was wearing? -- a white and gold dress. - oh she is not, my gf is wearing a black and blue dress
                                                                                                                 the miserly squirrel never found a mate, because he insisted on aprenutshell agreement.
                                                                                                                                                                                         new york sports
                                                                                                                  the waiter asked if i wanted any salt for my steak... i told him to pepper my angus ;)
                                                            guy stole my bike so i got in a cab & said follow that guy! he said sure, whats his twitter name? we laughed & hi-fived & i need a new bike.
                                                                                                  "oh my god! that guy's dead! oh wait, he's totally fine." (someone watching soccer for the first time)
                                                                                                      my first time having sex was like my first time riding a bike... my dad was holding me from behind
                                                                                                                                              potato potato tomato tomato it works better when spoken...
                                                                                   what's the similarity between chris brown being released and pokemon go being released? an increase in battery cases.
                                                            before i really understood sarcasm people would say things like "oh, well look who it is" and i'd be like "it's me karen, i'm your daughter"
                                                                                                                                       the starbucks in my town just hired a jewish barista... he brews.
                                                                took the batteries out of the carbon monoxide alarm because the loud beeping was giving me a headache and making me feel sick and dizzy.
                                                                                                    pizza burnt the inside of my mouth and i don't understand why the things i love most keep hurting me
                                                                                                                                               my girlfriend is such a procrastinator she never finishes
                                                                        if we need someone to run our country based on building a buisness and money we have the wrong donald. we need ronald mc'donald.
                                                                        how can you tell if a good ole boy from north carolina is married? there are tobacco spit stains on both the doors of his truck.
                                                                                                                                                  maybe adele is singing about her cats. you don't know.
                                                                                                                                                                                              yesvember!
                                                                      [my first day hosting shopping channel] "for those of you who love coconut, boy do we have a product for you" [holds up a coconut]
                                                                                                                                                                    i have a hole in my sock... darn it!
                                                                                                             it remains a puzzle . . . it remains a puzzle why a bra is singular and panties are plural.
                                                                                                 david cameron joke! they say david cameron is a one term prime minister. that term is of course 'cunt'.
                                                                                                      purchased an hourglass for my desk at work to flip when people stop by to make them uncomfortable.
                                                                                                                          i got a blow up doll, that was made in baghdad problem is... it blew itself up
                                                                                                    look dude, i'm going to need to see alot more chest hair and jewelry if you want into my disco party
                                                                                                                                                            what do you call a dumb bunny? a hare brain.
                                                             *reads a note sombody put on my desk* [i heard u caught a cold! i hope it flu away!] *drops note* what.. wat is this some sort of sick joke
                                                              they say you are what you eat so i bought myself some "ready to eat apricots" and after i bought them i was indeed, ready to eat apricots.
                                                            an overweight woman decided to start walking her dog to get exercise... she stopped after realizing the effort it took to steer her scooter.
                                                                 i like working out. sometimes i still feel like i have the body of a teenager, but then i remember i buried that slut like, a week ago.
                                                              i just read that the average person spends 2 weeks waiting for a traffic light to change. fuck that. i'd run it after 3 or 4 minutes tops.
                                                                                                                                                      what is a cell? something you keep black people in
                                                                                   what did the father of a dog family tell his son after he made a racist joke in this family we don't see colors, son.
                                                  patients always come to the office asking about measles and i tell them, "no no no, i don't want to make this about measles. let's talk about yousles"
                                                                                                                                               how many geese does it take to form a gaggle... 5 or more
                                                                                                                                   you know how you keep an asshole in suspense? i'll tell you tomorrow!
                                                                                                                                                         679 fetty wap. 17/38 because that's his vision.
                                                              the elevators aren't working and i work on the 10th floor. i just may become the first person ever to call in sick from the security desk.
                                                                                                                                      me [yelling down into a volcano]: you shut your stupid earth mouth
                                                             mom: what are you hiding in there? -nuthin [vin diesel noises from closet] m: is vin diesel in there? -...yes vin diesel: [from closet] no.
                                                                                                                                        what do you call a chicken coop with four doors? a chicken sedan
                                                                                                 how many sex addicts does it take to screw in a lightbulb? just two, but they'd have to be really tiny.
                                                                                                                                         a wizard who likes to give zombies hickies is.. a neckromancer.
                                                                                                                                     asked my friend when the finals would end. "finals never finalize."
                                                                                       what's the difference between a priest and acne? acne waits until a boy is at least 14 before coming on his face.
                                                                                                                why can't you tell pun jokes to kleptomaniacs? because they always take things literally
                                                                                                                                    what do you call the ghost who is a  child-rearing expert? dr spook.
                                                                                                                                                             what do you call a fake noodle? an impasta.
                                                                                  did you hear that russia considers us intervention in syria illegal? they even wrote a song about it... "crimea river"
                                                                          i went to the zoo the other day. there was only one animal there and to make it even worse it was just a dog. it was a shit-zu
                                                                                                                            what did the rat say to the cat? nothing, cats don't talk you fucking idiot.
                                                                                                                                                                     everyone calls me al capone because
                                                                                                                                      if i set a cheese trap, i'd probably fall for it before the mouse.
                                                                                    it's a serious lego project when the 1st thing my 5yo does is take off his shirt and gets me a beer from the fridge.
                                                            my doctor had a plate of mcdonalds food that was a year old to show people that it never rots. the burger was dry but the fries were decent.
                                                                                                                   relationship status~ siri saw my browser history & now she isn't talking to me either
                                                                                                                                  if you're going to throw someone under the bus, make sure it's moving.
                                                                                                                is that a burrito in your pocket or are you happy to see me? i'm cool if it's a burrito.
                                                                                                           i just met a guy addicted to brake fluid. however, he was adamant that he could stop anytime.
                                            what do you say everytime maths wants you to calculate value of his x dear maths, i'm sick &amp; tired of finding your 'x' she's gone dude and don't ask 'y'
                                                                                                                    "for people that are hungry but would also like something to drink."  pitch for soup
                                                                                                                                                           how should you treat a baby goat? like a kid.
                                                                                                                         you know what else looks like a ring and has lots of power over people? donuts.
                                                                                                                                               donald trump gets elected oops thought i was on r/nosleep
                                                             the nice thing is that now that ricky martin has come out of the closet there's enough room for ryan seacrest to stretch his legs in there.
                                                                                                     so my dad posted a picture on facebook with captioned "condom challenge fail" it was a photo of me.
                                                                                                                                    would you like to hear a helen keller joke? i'm sure she would, too.
                                                                                                                                                             yo momma's so fat she drives a spandex car.
                                                                                                                    nobody in this grocery store thinks i'm a good bowler. also, clean up in aisle four.
                                                                                                                                                   what do you call an unemployed nazi? laid-off hitler!
                                                                                                                                     what do you call a robot doing the gangnam style dance? a psy-borg.
                                                                                                                            why did the hippopotamus need his ventilin? because he was hippoventilating!
                                                                                                                       what did the baby elephant get when the daddy elephant sneezed ? out of the way !
                                                                                                                                                                          strangers have the best candy.
                                                                                                                                                 somewhere between murder and suicide there's merseyside
                                                                                                                                    why aren't there more jokes based on haptics? it's a touchy subject.
                                                                                                                                                        what do you call a made-up orange? pulp fiction!
                                                                                                                                         what did the urologist tell his newly accepted resident? urine.
                                                                                                                                 sunday is an attractive person at the bar who turns out to be religious
                                                            me: need help? girl (having car trouble): could u give me a jump me (inflating the bounce house i keep in my trunk): i thought u'd never ask
                                                                                                         why don't sjws go to college? because you have to put male or female on the college application
                                                                                                           my study buddies, reese and shey. aren't they beautiful? [=)](http://i.imgur.com/k4l0fxj.jpg)
                                                                                                                 the average person has sex 90 times a year. man this going to be an epic new years eve!
                                                                                                                                                                  enemas make shit happen. no seriously.
                                                                                                        have you heard of that invention that lets you see through walls? its called window.mua^ha^ha^ha
                                                                                    what are the first words jared fogle's girlfriend said to him? "would you like to buy some girl scout cookies, sir?"
                                                                                                            how do you turn a duck into a soul singer? put it in the microwave until it's bill whithers.
                                                                                                                                              all russian babies are born inside slightly larger babies.
                                                                                                                                         how does a fetus like it's amniotic fluid? at womb temperature!
                                                                                              i used to live in new orleans till katrina took everything i had. sometimes i wish she'd stayed in latvia.
                                                                                                    what is the difference between a dead baby and a sandwich? i don't fuck a sandwich before eating it.
                                                                                                                                    chuck norris shot the sheriff, but he round house kicked the deputy.
                                                                                                                     put me in your bio so i know it's real... just kidding, i'd rather be in your will.
                                                                                                                                                 whats black and burns? stevie wonder answering the iron
                                                                                                                               the opening ceremony for our ribbon repair business was pretty confusing.
                                                                            my wife asked me where i'd like to be buried... apparently "balls deep in your sister" was not the answer she was expecting.
                                                                                                         people who process expired passports are so lazy they're always cutting corners. (joel dommett)
                 my boyfriend and i checked out a new coffee shop in town... i asked him how his coffee was. "it's like making love in a canoe." "that good?" i asked "no. it's fucking close to water."
                                                                                                          what do a gynocologist and a pizza boy have in common? they can smell it but they cant eat it!
                                                                                                                                                 what do you call a frog that is illegally parked? toad.
                                                                                                                           wife: how was the doctor? me: bad i'm dying wife: i know, how was the doctor?
                                                                                                                                                       the popularity of origami has increased ten fold.
                                                                                    all i want from a woman is for her to hold my hand, look into my eyes, and tell me it's ok to get out of her bushes.
                                                                                                                                                            what is a mattress' favorite season? spring.
                                                                                                                                             i was trying to get a top comment on reddit... but i blueit
                                                                                                                                                              my gps thinks we should see other drivers.
                                                                                                                 i can't wait to see the new movie, "constipation" unfortunately it hasn't come out yet.
                                                                     we save women and children first because the dads have to make sure all the lights are off and the thermostat is set appropriately.
                                                                                                                                        where do men with erectile dysfunction go to find a job? ubisoft
                                                                                                                                                dear congress, please text and drive.#governmentshutdown
                                                                                                                                i can't stand the kids of this generation. it's always meme, meme, meme.
                                                                                                      i tried to make a living mixing audio files to the left and right ...but it didn't really pan out.
                                                                                                         did you hear about that geeky trigonometry expert? the only angle lacking in his life was secs.
                                                                                                                                             what do you call a nun that sleepwalks? a roamin' catholic.
                                                                                                                                                                           i didnt just read it i reddit
                                                                                                                               now if you'll excuse me, i have a cape to wear and whoosh noises to make.
                                                                           i had 2 big surprises today. the first one was that the thai massage centre at the bottom of my road is actually a brothel...
                                                                                                                                          if vampires like the taste of blood so much they should floss.
                                                                                                     (fully aware that i am always more tired after a nap than i was before) this time will be different
                                                                                                             hey guys where do chemists come from? ... from the *stork*iometry. i'll see myself out now.
                                                                trump is putting everyone who works at goldman sachs in the government so that there's no one left to run gs and they go out of business
                                                                         how many persona fans does it take to screw in a lightbulb? two. 1 to screw it in, and 1 to complain that it's not dark enough.
                                                                                     you're really limiting yourself if you think sexual harassment is the only way to make your coworkers uncomfortable
                                                                                                                                                i think you are amayonazing! i'd take it as a condiment.
                                                                                                  when i tell you i butt-dialed you, i'm not saying it was an accident, i just want you to be impressed.
                  guy asks his girlfriend to tell him something that will make him happy and sad at the same time. she thinks for a few seconds and replies.... your penis is bigger than your father's.
                                                                                                                                               a speedo is just a man's way of saying "not today girls".
                                                                                                                                        why can't a nose be 12 inches long? because then it'd be a foot.
                                                                                                                               why wasn't hitler invited to the bbq? because he always burns the franks.
                              "what are the names of the 3 greatest kings who have brought more happiness and peace into people's lives than anything else?" answer: smo-king, drin-king, and fuc-king !
                                                                                                                     i've been having constant sleep paralysis in my last 3 dreams i was in a wheelchair
                                                                                                           what's the difference between darth vader and tom brady? darth vader probably gets high fived
                                                                stood in very long line today at the dmv behind james bond renewing his license to kill... shouldn't they have a separate line for that?
                                                                                          drug dealing is a great occupation because if it doesn't work out, you can always tutor children in fractions.
                                                                                                                                    do you play volleyball? because you look like your good on ur knees!
                                                                                                       i'm a bad person... (nsfw) why can't you fool an aborted fetus? because it wasn't born yesterday.
                                                                                                   what is ye difference between a porcupine and a porsche? the pricks are in the inside of the porsche.
                                             if i share something clever and witty on facebook, don't try and out clever me with your comment. i don't come over and blow out your candles on your cake.
                                                                                                                                                                                         knock, knock...
                                   two police officers crash their car into a tree. after a moment of silence, one of them says... "wow, that's got to be the fastest we ever got to the accident site."
                                                                                                                         can a kangaroo jump higher than a house? of course, a house doesn't jump at all
                                          my hot dislexic co-worker said she had an important massage to give me in her office... when i got there, she told me it can wait until i put on some clothes.
                                                        my ex-girlfriends all did me dirty like the first 25% of a netflix loading screen. i was repeatedly tricked into thinking there was a connection
                                                                                                         i organized a threesome last night there were a couple of no-shows but i still had a good time.
                                                                             doc : you have been diagnosed with obesity. me : yeah it runs in my family. doc : nobody runs in your family, you fat fuck.
                                                                                                                i wonder if blackbirds ever watch reruns of 'that's so raven' and go all, "gurl please."
                                                                                                                          i like my women the way i like my pools... filled with chlorine twice a month.
                                                                                                              having children really brought me and my wife closer together. we have a common enemy now.
                                                                                                      what do gospel and interracial porn have in common? gifted black people and constant calls to god.
                                                                                                                                                    why can't helen keller drive? ...because she's dead.
                                                                                            you know times are tough when you are totally jealous of your friends shopping spree... at the dollar store!
                                                                 i was in a cab today and the cab driver said... "i love my job, i'm my own boss. nobody tells me what to do." then i said, "turn left."
                                                                                                                         why didn't ken ever get barbie pregnant? because he always came in another box.
                                                                                                                                                me: i've been constipated for 2 months. friend: no shit?
                                                                                       ladies, i'd like to remind you that trying to play "hard to get" doesn't work when you're already "hard to want".
                                                                                                         how my 7 year old plays board games: rolls a 6. counts to 6. moves his piece wherever he wants.
                                                                            when someone starts making fun of my air guitar skills i just whip out my finger pistols and it usually shuts them right up.
                                                                               my wife bought me a second hand watch for my birthday... anyway, better be going. the football starts in... 1200 seconds.
                                                                                            if you can't handle me at my worst is there another preferably more affordable therapist you can refer me to
                                                                                                                                  why do bears have fur coats ?  because they'd look stupid in anoraks !
                                                                                                                                                   what's a junkie's favorite videogame? need for speed.
                                                                                                                                                             who died and left the us in charge? hitler.
                                                                                                                                   why did the farmer give the pony a cough drop he was a little hoarse.
                                                                   [job interview for garbageman] interviewer: i like your enthusiasm, you're hired three raccoons in trench coat: [ecstatic chittering]
                                                                                                microsoft tech support called me last night as a indian, i said "sorry your calling indian tech support"
                                                                                                                                                              bet i could breathe more air than you, bro
                                                                                                     how many cops does it take to change a light bulb? none. they'll just beat the room for being black
                                                                                                                                                what do you call a middle eastern sorceress? a sandwitch
                                                                                                                                                   so i had some oasis soup today... got a roll with it!
                                                                                                                                                   what was the pig doing in the kitchen? bacon! get it?
                                                                            i wish i gave darth vader different last words. before he died, i wanted him to mutter, "i should have stuck to pod racing."
                                                                                                                                                     what came first the chicken or the egg? the rooster
                                                                                                                      did you hear about the flying german pancakes in ww2? they were in the luftwaffle!
                                                           my wife just gave me an ultimatum, it's either her or facebook. so sadly, this will be my last joke..... in which i talk about having a wife.
                                                                                                                                 q: why did thoreau build a house? a: because he wanted to be walled-in.
                                                                                  i had my identity stolen once. the next day i found it on my doorstep with a note saying, "f@ck you, you can keep it."
                                                                                                                                          what's the hottest album in hell right now? views from the 666
                                                                                                                                                    a chick with twelve boobs... sounds crazy, dozentit?
                                                                                                                                          did you hear about the gay midget? he came out of the cabinet.
                                                                                              my reddit secret santa gave me what i have really been wanting for quite some time now.... they fucked me.
                                                                                                      *a jerk tries to punch me but i catch it perfectly in my mouth and swallow him whole like a snake*
                                                                                                                             my sister is so dim she thinks that  a cartoon is a song you sing in a car.
                                                                                 what's the difference between a dog and a cyclist? when you run over a dog you don't have to go back and get the gopro.
                                                               *snowman wakes up in hospital* "what happened to me?!" snow doctor: don't worry you're fine. but... what did you think a snow blower did?
                                                                      i love when commercials are like "because four million people can't be wrong," because then i'm like, "really? even nazi germany?"
                                                                                                                                  why does santa have such a big sack? because he only comes once a year
                                                                                                                                               what is a vampire's sweetheart called? his ghoul-friend. 
                                                                                                                           on the sixth day of ramadan, my true love gave to me a gay club and an ar-15.
                                                                                                                                                     worrying over my viagra use keeps me up most nights
                                                                                                                                                              spelling errors in quotations make me sic.
 bucket: a dirty limerick a horny young scout, with a bucket, caught a goose and proceeded to fuck it far too roughly (it died), took it home, had it fried, cause he thought it'd wasteful to chuck it.
                                                                                                                ants dancing q: why did the ants dance on the jam jar? a: the lid said, "twist to open."
                                                                                                                                 what do people with an extra chromosome wash their clothes with? downy.
                                                                                                                                   for a perfectly shaved forearm reach for the last pringle in the can.
                                                                                                                                  how do you make five pounds of fat attractive? you put a nipple on it.
                                                                                                                              why do japanese hate bingo? they all scramble for cover when you call b-29
                                                                                                                               what book do conservative casino workers love? trump: the art of the deal
                                                                                                                         what does a son tell to his mother when he's leaving his house in india? mumbai
                                                                                                                                                                   what goes "clip"? a one legged horse!
                                                                           if you love someone, throw your earbuds at them. there's a good chance they'll be entangled in them and won't be able to run.
                                                                 what do you get if you run in front of a car? a: tired bonus follow-up joke! q: what do you get when you run behind a car? a: exhausted
                                                                                                                                never pee with the door open, it totally freaks out the other motorists.
                                                                                                                                     why did a physician go to prison? his medical license was doctored.
                                                                                                             why do geologists perform so well during intercourse? they really know how to make bedrock.
                                                              waking up with morning wood is one thing, but waking with elijah wood is just creepy. i calmed down once i stared into his beautiful eyes.
                                                                                                            i wasn't sure if i'd find deer out here, until... i saw a sign that said 'fine for hunting.'
                                                                                                                                   a lot of women at the mall make me feel like i'm tripping on flaccid.
                                                                                10 years ago, i asked the girl of my dreams out on a date. today, i asked her to marry me! she said no both times. (   )
                                                              sam allardyce is a disgrace and needs to be punished, humiliated and made an example of... therefore he should continue as england manager
                                                            whenever i'm on the phone with someone i like to scream wait don't hang up right as they're hanging up & then not answer when they call back
                                                            did you hear about the crew members of the uss enterprise that needed help climbing into their bunks? they were hoisted by their own picard.
                                                                                                       jesus is all like eat my body, drink my blood and i'm all like dude, i only like you as a friend.
                                                                                                                                   a skelleton goes to the bar and says "can i have a pint and a mop..."
                                                                                                                                                 i tried to add 1 + 1 but it was two complicated for me.
                                                         a freudian slip is when you say something by mistake that gives away what you were really wanking about...i mean thinking about. -ricky gervais
                                                                                                                             why do skunks celebrate valentines day? because they are very scentimental.
                                                                                                 [breaking up with girlfriend via the jumbotron] "hey, check out the scoreboard while i grab a hot dog."
                                                                                                           what do you tell a nazi with two black eyes? nothing, you already told richard spencer twice!
                                                                                                            why should you always tend sheep near a hospital? because at any moment they could bleet out
                                                                                                                                      what do you call a racing horse that's never been groomed? furlong
                 a security camera caught a couple having sex in an elevator. .... they got off on the eighth floor.... then they straightened their clothing and exited the elevator on the 14th floor.
                                                                                                                                              what do you call an italian with one arm? speech impaired.
                                                                                                                                          if i'm ever arrested, i would use my one phone call for pizza.
                                                                                                                                            did you hear woody stabbed his best friend? what a buzz kill
                                                                                              what's the difference between water and gasoline? in flint michigan you can get gasoline that is unleaded.
                                                                                                     when my wife got her tongue pierced i asked her why? she said to enhanthe the thektual thimulation.
                       lying in bed, my girlfriend turned to me and said "you're a lot like a math exam." i replied "why? because i'm long and hard?" she said, "no, i'm cheating on you with an asian."
                                                                                                                                          two peanuts were walking though the park and one was a salted.
                                                                  you can pretty much tell me anything is an anagram and i'll believe it. i'm not about to rearrange a bunch of letters like some doctor
                                                                                                    how many feminists does it take to change a light bulb? trick question. feminists can't change shit.
                                                                                       to all the republicans who might be mad if trump loses... remember.... hiter wasn't elected either! jk trump2016!
                                                                         i'm 30 and my knees won't even let me leap down steps to catch a subway. so yes, i think the die hard franchise is unrealistic.
                                                                                                                          what do you call an iguana that can't stand up straight? ereptile dysfunction.
                                                                                    how many psychologists does it take to change a light bulb? none. the light bulb will change itself when it's ready.
                                                                                     what do you get when you're agnostic, dyslexic, and an insomniac? you stay up all night wondering if there's a dog.
                                                                                                                     hear about the new sushi bar that caters exclusively to lawyers? it's called sosumi
                                                                                 "dude, this is so awesome, i can use my $300 smart phone as a flashlight". - why we'll be speaking chinese in 50 years.
                                                                7yo: mommy you smell like beer. me: well, you smell like a bad idea that your dad and i thought could fix our marriage....now go to bed.
                                                                                                                                                            i had a muslim co-worker named ... christian
                                                                                                              i think my blind girlfriend just broke up with me she said she wanted to see other people.
                                                                                                                               mike's hard lemonade is basically kool-aid with a squirt of purell in it.
                                          when your kid asks you (daddy is it time to go crazy?) you don't know what to say until you wife reply's (idk go ask you dad.) what do you say? my little joke
                                                                                          yes, you take my breath away... but so does a brisk walk, or the sight of an ugly baby. don't be so flattered.
                                                                                                     "say tgif one more time" i say, scowling at my coworker with no children, "go ahead, say it again."
                                                                                                                what do you call a girl that sleeps with you for your adderall? a total attention whore.
                                                                                                                                 who was the last person to have sex with marilyn monroe? thomas noguchi
                                                                                                                      an iraqi father gave his daughter a new bag ... she said: "thanks for the baghdad"
                                                          perhaps bieber wouldn't need to vandalize walls with graffiti if the restaurants that he goes to would offer him a coloring menu with crayons.
                                                                                                                                   we can't control the wind, but we have the power to adjust the sails.
                                                                                                            q. is it possible to kill a mother-in-law with  newspaper? a. yes if you wrap an iron in it.
                                                                                                            this forest scent air freshener is really working. three elk have moved into my living room.
                                                                                                                                    cheese makes everything better... *sprinkles parmesan on broken leg*
                                                                                                                                                     i was trying to find my flying drone then it hit me
                                                                                                                                                                       want to hear a joke? my username.
                                                                                                                                 yo mama's so old... her age has to be expressed in scientific notation!
                                                                                                                               why did marie antoinette travel the world? where else would she beheaded?
                                                                                                                                                    what do you call a potato with one oar? a row-tater.
                                                                                                                                                        what's worse than a cardboard box? paper titties
                                                a jew, a christian, a lawyer, a doctor, a blonde, and a biker walk into a bar........ the bartender goes "what is this some kind of joke or something?!"
                                                                                                                                        kids so mixed... they won't show up in black and white pictures.
                                                                                                             how do you know if a catholic girl puts out? ask her about her relationship with her father
 why do the romans use more eggs in their omelets than the french? because the romans feel that when it comes to eggs, you can't have too many ovum. but in france, they believe that one egg is un o...
                                                                                                                what did the estonian student say in language class? i'll never finnish. *dodges tomato*
                                                                                                        you should be called jehovah's fitness! i yell as i lose my breath chasing them down the street.
                                                                                                            i can't call people grammar nazis on social media anymore.... now i call them the alt-write.
                                                                                                                                                       what are gay people's favorite pizza? meatlovers.
                                                                it's strange when i see a deer out in nature because i always assumed their natural habitat was right in front of my car on the highway.
                                                                                        how many hippies does it take to screw in a light bulb? hippies don't screw in light bulbs, they screw in tents.
                                                                              what do niggers and twinkies have in common? you have to un-rap them before you can get to their delicious kareem filling.
                                                              how many freudians does it take to change a lightbulb? two. one to change the bulb and the other to hold the penis, father, ladder i mean.
                                                                                                              when dealing with penises, some are born great, and some have greatness thrust inside them
                                                                                             my mom just got out of rehab for her knees knee addiction is tough, it's one of the toughest habits to kick
                                                                                                                       he's going to change just for you? wow, you must be a very special kind of stupid
                                                                   i once had a dog, that no matter what i tried to teach him, he only ever learned the the command "shake". he had barkinson's disease.
                                                                                                                                                has anybody ever thought of buying a pig a plane ticket?
                                                                                                                                         a battery is like a loner they're both not included in anything
                                                                                                                                                            what is isil's favourite dessert? terrormisu
                          a priest and a rabbi are sitting on a park bench... when a little boy, around 9 years old passes them by. "wanna fuck him?" asks the priest. "out of what?" the rabbi replies.
                                                                                                                                             roses are grey violets are grey everything's grey i'm a dog
                                                                                                                           whats the difference between a good haircut and a bad haircut? about 3 weeks.
                                                                                                     customer: "hi i'm supposed to pack [zip] my database and send it to you. what should i pack it in?"
                                                                                                                                                   what do you call a jew with heartburn? an acidic jew.
                                                                          my dad smeared glue all over his uzi, and he say's his glock is next. he can't be talked out of it. he's sticking to his guns.
                                                                         3-year-old: there's a spider on the carpet! me: haha, that's just a piece of fuzz. *fuzz moves* me: everybody out of the house!
                                                                                                                        which element of the periodic table is the poorest? antimony. ^i'm ^so ^sorry...
                                                                                                                                              can walmart be a feeling? i think that's how i feel today.
                                                                                                                                              i stay away from granny smith. she's just too tart for me.
                                                                                                                         cop: can you describe the guy who stabbed you me: yes, he was not very friendly
                                                     a lot of people are saying that it was a ref's bad call denying the blackhawks goal... but we all know that it was really buffalo wild wings doing.
                                                                                                              i accidentally gave my wife super glue instead of chapstick she's still not talking to me.
                                                                                                                                            chuck norris is so awesome... he counted to infinity, twice.
                                                                                                   french joke anyone see the french military rifle on ebay? it's never been shot and only dropped once!
                                                                                                        china is now entering sperm as contestants in olympic swimming events, claiming they are of age.
                                                                                                                                                  what is a deaf person's favorite cereal? shredded what
                                                                mom its not a dollhouse im pretending to be a giante thats terrorizing a family gosh *waits for mom to leave* and im makig them have tea
                                                                    "your mission... should you chose to accept it..." *go to a bar you hate *put $50 in the jukebox *play nothing but nickelback *leave
                                                                                                                                                 what do you get when you take the pee out of poops oops
                                                                                                       how can you tell when a woman is faking an orgasm? she screams her husbands name instead of yours
                                                                  life was simpler when photo albums were books containing pleasant family snaps and not digital online librarys of me puking in a shoe.
                                                                                                   how do you get a blonde to agree to a threesome? (oc) tell her she'll see an eiffel tower if she does
                                                                                                                      why did the chicken cross the road? because north korean missiles cant go that far
                                                                                                                                   why couldn't the drunk make it as a lawyer? he couldn't pass the bar.
                                                                                                     i thought it was weird when my boss at the bakery asked me to pack fudge cause we don't sell fudge.
                            geologists have jokes too steve: "hey, what kind of rocks are these?" geologist: "they're sex stones." steve: "what? really?" geologist: "yeah. they're just fucking rocks."
                                                                                                      how many sjw's does it take to change a 90w lightbulb? did you just assume my wattage??? flickered
                                                                                                                                 what kind of music do wind turbines listen to? they're huge metal fans.
                                                                                                                  what's the difference between bill clinton and israel? hillary won't suck bill's dick.
                                                                                                         (nsfw) how do you know the female bartender is mad at you? there's a string in your bloody mary
                                                                                                                                              jokes about the blind aren't funny. can't people see that?
                                                                                                                         why did the dish and spoon hide their computer? the cat kept fiddling with i.t.
                                                                                                                                      my dad once told me i would make a great mime... i was speechless.
                                                                               no one plans to fail. they just go online. then check their e-mail. then go to twitter...and it just happens organically.
                                                                                                         waiter: would you like any dessert? date: no, just the ch- me: cheesecake. just the cheesecake.
                                                                                                                    a guy using apple maps walks into a bar... or maybe a hospital... possibly a church.
                                                                                                  *smashes car through your living room* fancy meeting you here, have you been getting my text messages?
                                                                                                                                                  what is long, black and smelly? the unemployment line.
                                                                                                                                                                  hey baby i put the sex, in dyslexic ;)
                                                                                                                                             how do you titillate an ocelot? you oscillate its tit a lot
                                                                                                      whats the difference between a woman and a floppy drive? a floppy drive can only take 3.5" inches.
                                                                     why do female zombies have such a terrible sex life? because whenever they shout, "i want you inside me." all of the guys run away.
                                                                                                                                  the cow got very nervous when it saw beef as cow's career was at steak
                                                                                                                                what do you call a fish out of water? asians? idk it's been a rough day.
        why are you late? teacher: why are you late? student: there was a man who lost a hundred dollar bill. teacher: that's nice. were you helping him look for it? student: no. i was standing on it.
                                                                                                                                                     what do you call a horny catholic? a firm believer.
                                                                                                                                             good comedy is like health insurance some just can't get it
                              after writing revelations, john ask god... "lord, the end will be signaled by trumpets?" "*no, by trump/pence.*" "right, so trumpets." "*fuck it, they'll figure it out.*"
                                                                     my friend's a scientist and accidentally chilled his lab rat to absolute zero... at first the rat was just frozen, but he's 0k now.
                                                                                                                                                                       how do dinosaurs smell? ex-stinky
                                                                                                                                     things you need to know about me: 1- i'm lazy 2- hmm, one is enough
                                           a pirate walks into a bar.... with a ship's wheel in his pants. the bartender asks him, "doesn't that hurt?" the pirate replies, "arr! it's drivin' me nuts!"
                                                                               let my son leave the house today wearing a striped shirt and plaid shorts. i'm done, he's natural selections problem now.
                                                                        last night i tried to go out for an italian meal, but there was a huge, fat woman standing in the doorway. i couldn't get pasta.
                                                                                      what did matthew mcconaughey say when he saw this year's oscar nominees? all white, all white, all whiiiiiiiite...
                                                                                                                                                 what do you call it when you see a smart blonde a dream
                       ive been told i'm not ambitious enough.... i've been told i'm not ambitious enough. if only there was an olympic sport for being a lazy bastard. that bronze medal would be mine.
                                                                                 i tried taking viagara the other day... i must not have swallowed it fast enough, because man oh man was my neck stiff!
                                                                                        if "cops" has taught me anything it's to stay away from people with blurry faces, they're nothing but trouble...
                                                                                                                              when a woman cooks you dinner you're either going to get laid or poisoned.
                                                            if you come into a restroom & announce that you've "had to piss for two hours" i'd better hear a strong, frothy stream for at least a minute
                                                                                                    things i hate: slow internet connection and monday, tuesday, wednesday, thursday and half of friday.
                                                                                                                                     what do you call a mexican prostitute that doesn't charge? frijole.
                                                                                        there are 2 types of people in this world those with the ability to extrapolate information from incomplete data
                                                                                                                                                          can't quit smoking? wear mittens all the time.
                                                                  not many people knew that albert einstein had a brother that was an evil scientist that experimented with cadavers. his name was frank
                                                                                                                                 what do you call a tropical depression on a se asian island? malaise-ia
                                                                                                                                                     what kind of bathroom does napoleon use? a waterloo
                                                                       because united 93 didn't hit it's target, osama bin laden wasn't perfectly happy about the terror attacks. so he rated it a 9/11.
                                                                                                 66% of canadians were unimpressed with "the revenant", or as it's known in canada, "pretty average day"
                                                                                                                                                         you can freeze a human to -273.15 c he'd be 0k.
                                                                                            the people in the room next door are definitely just furiously making their bed. nothing more. nothing more.
                                                                                                                                                               fish are just mobile sushi storage units.
                                                                                                                       why do women like men who can work on cars? they know how to work under the hood!
                                                                                                                                            i figured those penguins would thrive in our freezer but no.
                                                                                                                                                                   pilots will get this. retard! retard!
                                                                                                                                         want to hear about the worst blowjob i ever had? it was awesome
                                                                                                    just donated my body to science. i'm your problem now, science. and i could use some pizza and beer.
                                                                                                            what were the crocodile hunters last words? "you irwin some you irlose some" then he dieded.
                                                         you're a recruiter and google is not blocked by your company filter. what folder do emails from histrionic venture capitalists go in? [deleted]
                                                                                                                                 what do you call a five year old with no friends? a sandy hook survivor
                                                                                                     still trying to figure out how to compliment a woman's skin without sounding like i want to wear it
                                                                                                           when chuck norris is in a crowded area, he doesn't walk around people. he walks through them.
                                                                                                                                                 what's another name for a prosthetic patella? faux-knee
                                                                                                                      did you hear about the new clinton computer? it has 6 inches of ram and no memory!
                                                                                                                      what do you do when your dishwasher stops working? beat it until she starts again.
                                                                                                                                                              how do you make a space party? -you planet
                                                                                                                                                          what is mexico's national sport? cross country
                                                                                                                 look, don't ask me about the blind masturbation competition. i don't know where i came.
                                                                                                                 why do we press harder on a remote control when we know the batteries are getting weak?
         why do vegans like to make their food look and taste like meat? same reason lesbians use strap-ons. they still like putting meat in their hole, but they don't like where real meat comes from.
                                                      golden words by a wise man:"if you want to change the world, do it when you are a bachelor. after marriage, you can't even change a tv channel..."
                                                                                                                     why did frodo set his phone to vibrate? he was afraid the ring would give him away.
                                                                                                                          what do you call 2 nuns &amp; a cheerleader? 2 tightends &amp; a wide reciever
                                                                                                                                       no, i don't hate you. i promise. cross my heart and hope you die.
                                                            i told the 8 clowns in a tiny cop car to "clown arrest me! take me to clown jail!" and they did. bail has been set at 150 banana cream pies.
                                                                                                                                                 i make rabbit tuxedos for a living. i'm a hare-dresser.
                                                                                                                       what part of the vatican is made entirely out of amino acids? the cysteine chapel
                                                             [restaurant] waiter: [brings bill] me: i got this date: thanks me: [gets out piggy bank] [hits it w/ hammer] [it is filled w/ bees] me: run
                                                                                                                       american light beers are like having sex on a canoe... its fucking close to water
                                                                                                                                             what does the dj do when he spills acid? he drops the base!
                                                                                                                                       one how many time travellers does it take to change a light bulb?
            so i asked my friend, "i hear your husband applied for a position in the government" me:"what is he doing now?" friend: "nothing" me: "but i thought he got the job!?" friend: "yes he did."
                                                                                                              my exercise is primarily jumping to conclusions, stretching the truth and pushing my luck.
        "it's clear" said the teacher "that you  haven't studied your geography. what's your excuse?" "well my dad  says the world is changing every day . so i decided to wait until it  settles down!"
                                                                                                                          roses are red, i'm feeling blue there's one less gorilla at the cincinnati zoo
                                                                                                                                                         a good pickup line is "i have a phone charger."
                                                                                           why did vana white run off the stage of wheel of fortune? she had a bowel movement during her vowel movement.
                                                                                      q: why is sex like math? a: you add a bed, subtract the clothes, divide the legs, and pray there's no multiplying.
                                                                                                                          did you hear about the korean who entered the lottery? he won one billion won.
                                                                                                                                            [meta] question. is there a such thing as a rhetorical joke?
                                                                                                                                                        what goes hum-choo hum choo? a bee with a cold !
                                                                                                                                                                       i have one trophy on reddit. dust
                                                                                                                                    what do you get if you cross a dog and a film studio ? collie-wood !
                                                              rep: we are pleased to provide u with the highest level of customer service! me: oh sorry, got the wrong number. was tryin to call comcast
                                                                                                                                               yo mama so stupid she went to shop rite and shopped wrong
                                                                                      life takes you where you are meant to be. apparently i am meant to be poor with a ton of education and experience.
                                                            a guy broke into my apartment last week.. he didn't take the tv, just the remote. now he drives by and changes the channels.. sick bastard..
                                                                                  how can you tell when you're in a ring of fire? when you reach for the preparation h and accidentally grab the ben-gay
                                                                                                                                   the spanish word of the day is "juicy" "tell me if *juicy* the cops!"
                                                                                                   red light : stop yellow light : proceed w/ caution green light : wait till everyone hates you then go
                                                                                          i think the easiest way to get a woman to sleep with you is to have her in bed with you when she's very tired.
                                                  3-year-old girl my 3-year-old niece, stomping her feet in anger, making faces. me: what's wrong ? 3-year-old: nothing! phew! she's already a woman :-o
                                                                                                                                              i don't find it hard to meet expenses. they're everywhere.
                                                            people who say "go big or go home" seriously underestimate my willingness to go home. like, it's literally my only goal for most of the day.
                                                                                                                     how many parents does it take to raise a homicidal maniac? two, then one, then none
                                                                                                                             i'd like to make a pun about weed, but... i don't want to be blunt about it
                                                                                                                                                        sex is like grammar. not all guys do good at it.
                                                                                                     if your girlfriend sees where you are coming from chances are she is going to get some on her face.
                                                                   a mathematician, a college professor, and a textbook author walk into a bar. *[the punchline is left as an exercise for the reader.]*
                                                                                         what do you get when you cross a male chicken with peanut butter? a cock that sticks to the roof of your mouth.
                                                                                                                                         why couldn't the amputee rob the bank... because he was unarmed
                                                                                    i learnt that mel gibson was born in australia well i guess you could say he was from... -puts on glasses- melbourne
                                                                                  i wonder if back street boys have there own lunch room? a bac-a-teria.thank you ,thank you very much ladies and germs.
                                                                                                                      on one hand, i want to stop masturbating but on the other hand, i have my penis...
                                                                                                                                                              what flavor do termites like best? chair-y
                                                                                                                   what song title is best used to describe the france terrorist attack? niggas in paris
                                                                                                   knock knock who's there ! billy bragg ! billy bragg who ? billy braggs too much tell him to stop it !
                              kevin spacey once agreed to do a low-budget movie with a badly-written two-dimensional character... ...on the condition that he be credited in the cast as "kevin planey."
                                                                                                                         i own an innovative gardening supplies store. we sell cutting-hedge technology.
                                                                                                                                  so my proctologist has ocd... i went in for an exam. he was very anal.
                                                                                         i would say reddit's jokes aren't copy pasted but then again we're all *stuck* down here together in this place
                                                                                                            you know what they say about citing a source with more than 2 authors.. it's not hard et al.
                                               a high schooler told his geology teacher that.. "geology rocks!" the teacher's response? "that's gneiss, but it's too bad you're so schist at it" #\#rokt
                                                                                                                                                                 knock knock its the spanish inquisition
                                                                                                                                                   i like my women like i like the sun... not exploding.
                                                                                                                        this sub is great for learning new jokes repetition is the first law of learning
                                                                                                               reddit creates a joke. ill start with one word and comment to create a joke in order. one
                                                a farmer wins $30 million in a lottery a reporter asks him if he's going to retire and he says "no, i'm just going to keep farming until it's all gone."
                                                                                                                                 a chinese girl was pregnant at the age of 14. her name was sum yong ho.
                                                                                                                                                                       the us government had a shutdown.
                                                                                                                                               sorry i used your baby's bald head as a lipstick blotter.
                                                                          finally sold everything that reminded me of my ex. kinda nice, i got $20 for her clothes, $50 for her tv, and $100 for our kid
                                                                                                     so the united states is ebola free now... i wonder how much the premium version of ebola will cost.
                                                                                                                                 til 6.7 billion people are the minority by arrogant ignorant americans.
                                                                                                                                            wanna hear a dirty joke? a white horse fell in a mud puddle.
                                                                                                                                                      the darker humor is, the better. just like slaves.
                    the us did not boycott the 1980 summer olympics in moscow due to political reasons: chuck norris killed the entire us team with a single round-house kick during taekwondo practice.
                                                                  federal express is to merge with united parcel services the resulting company will be called federal united parcels or fedup for short
                                                                                                                                    i married mrs. right... i just didn't know her first name was always
                                                                                                                          knock knock who's there ? closure ! closure who ? closure mouth when you eat !
                                                                                                                                                    what do you do for a frog with a belly ache? rubbit.
                                                                   two goldfish were in their tank... two goldfish were in their tank. one turned to the other and said, "you man the guns; i'll drive."
                                                                            i name photos of me stroking animals in files called "fireworks and big dogs.jpg" so my cats won't find them on my computer.
                                                                                                                                                              all good dick jokes... are well concocted.
                                                                                               i used to care... what people in the adjacent bathroom stalls thought of me, but now, i don't give a shit
                                     online shopping. my wife was complaining that i shop too much online and that i had to send some shit back where it came from. so i have sent her back to thailand.
                                                                                         q. what's the difference between 'weather' and 'climate'? a. you can 't 'weather' a tree but you can 'climate'!
                                                                                                                      if you put a picture of yourself in a locket, you could say you are... independant
                                                                                                            i got accepted into harvard's medical program i just have to die first and give them my body
                                                                                                                                i saw death walking out of my house today... i guess grandma won. again.
                                                                                                                             i saw on the news that some guy in another state died are you okay - my mom
                                                                                few things in life are more pleasurable than turning off the lights in a public bathroom while people are still inside..
                                                                                        when a boy turns 12 he is given the choice between a big dick or a good memory... i can't remember what i picked
                                                                                                  don't worry, husbands. if something should happen to you, your wife already has the next one lined up.
                                                                                                                                                         you really have to hand it to blind prostitutes
                                                                                                                     i always greet new people with 'expelliarmus' ..... it tends to be pretty disarming
                    what's the difference between a religious revival and a bikers rally? at a religious revival, they say "stand up for jesus" at a bikers rally, they say "sit down for christ's sake"
                                                                                                                   why did the teacher have her hair in a bun?  because she had her nose in a hamburger.
                                                            what's the difference between a woman kneeling in prayer and a woman kneeling in a bathtub? a woman kneeling in prayer has hope in her soul.
                            bath humor want to hear a dirty joke? ray rolled in the mud want to hear a clean joke? ray took a bath with bubbles want to hear a dirty joke? bubbles is the girl next door
                                                                                                     2pac died because he lived the thug life. this 6 pack is going to die because i live the chug life.
                                                                just gonna say... number of times leonard cohen died before trump was elected - 0 number of times after - 1 draw your own conclusions...
                                                                                                                                what did the banana say to the apple? nothing. fruits can't talk. idiot.
                                                              *returns lost dog* lady: that's not him. he was white me: *holding a brown dog* he asked to swing by the salon. add the color to my reward
                                                              kryptonite has been found to contain trace elements of chuck norris roundhouse kicks to the face. this is why it is so deadly to superman.
                                                                                                                                what happened when jesus forgot to look both ways? he died on the cross!
                                                                                                                          roses are red violets are blue there is one less gorilla in the cincinatti zoo
                                                            *cop sees chalk outline on family's driveway* "damn, a cute bunny was murdered" "no, the kids who live here drew that, the body's over here"
                                                                                        3 things in this world scare me: 1. scorpions 2. jellyfish 3. streets named after civil rights leaders at night.
                                                                                                                      what did pac-man say when he almost got run over? i'm waka-waka-waka-walking here!
                                                                responsible pet owners pick up their dog's poop. cool pet owners pick their dogs up from the airport (after their doggy business trips).
                                                                       after announcing our weight at birth, parents shouldn't stop. if they announced it at every birthday, we'd all be a lot skinnier.
                                                                                                           when on a school trip, somebody pissed in the shower. it really ruined the trip to auschwitz.
                                                                                                                                                what room is missing from almost every house? a mushroom
                                                            bill gates is giving 100k to help develop a better & safer condom. i don't care how good it is, im not wearing a condom that says microsoft.
                                            the down arrow key on my laptop isn't functional. it asked me if they should call the on-site repair guy to come in today... i told them it wasn't pressing.
                                           photoshop level:expert boy: wow... you look so perfect with incredible body and flower like skin... what do you use ? . . . . . . girl : adobe photoshop cs5!
                                                             there is no law that says you can't smoke celery inside public places. what are they gonna do? ask you to extinguish your celery? doubtful.
                                                                                                           what do a bass guitar solo and peeing your pants have in common? it's quiet and embarrassing.
                                                            goal as a white guy 1)pay taxes 2)never say anything that may come across as racist 3)find something clever to do with my arms when i dance.
                                      austria's conchita wurst wins eurovision amid russia, ukraine tensions click on the link to watch the video in youtube https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ifzlqnfzr40
                                  fred: i was going to buy you a handkerchief for your birthday. betty: that was a kind thought. but why didn't you? fred: i couldn't find one big enough for your nose.
                                                                 scientists say the average size of the male penis has gone down to 5 inches. this just shows how big the chinese population is getting.
                                                                                                                                                what would romantic living dead movie be called? zombaes
                                       so someone called me a dick... so it got me thinking, yeah it checks out; roommates are a couple of nuts, neighbor's an asshole, and my friend is kind of a cunt.
                                                                                             what did the bad shock tell the good shock? i'm bad under pressure!! it's the lamest car joke in the world.
                                                                                                                                            facebook  faithful on your wall, but cheating in your inbox.
                                                                                                                   did you hear about the blond who got hurt while raking leaves? she fell off the tree.
                                                                                                                              what do you get when you mix alcohol with literature? tequila mockingbird!
               a test wc in college. three cubicles. voice from the left: *peter, professor passed you in philosophy?* voice from the right: *no, he did not...* voice from the middle: **and i won't!**
                                                                                                                                           no i would not like to know what fruit my body is shaped like
                                                                                                                                                        how do you make a dwarf taller? ge-gnome therapy
                                                                                me: why do you love me? wife: *shrugs* me: why do you find me annoying? wife: *reveals six spreadsheets and a pie chart*
                                                                                                      why are steam trains naughty around christmas? they're hoping santa will give them a lump of coal.
                                                                                                                                            what are the voices in my head saying, i hear you all ask...
                                                                                                                                           learning about frequency is so boring ... it literally hertz.
                                                                                                                                                how did cosby fuck up his phone? he put it on sleep mode
                                                             [creates anti aging pill] reporter: wow imagine all the human applications this can have *i scribble out 'give to puppies'* yeah absolutely
                                                                                                                     easter is a sad day for lance armstrong he can never seem to find more than one egg
                                                                                                                                                                         intellectual property carpe tm.
                                                                                                                                          always borrow money from a pessimist. he won't expect it back.
                                                                                                                             can i buy you a drink? "i don't drink." *panics* oh. um...well, here's $12.
                                                                                                                                                                    very productive day today, turd-wise
                                                                                                              i told my wife i wanted to be cremated. she made me an appointment for tomorrow afternoon.
                                                          the yard. son: dad! dad: what is it son? son: boys are gathering into our yard! dad: ...how many boys? son: all of them... dad: my milkshakes!
                                                                                                                                                     what is harry potters abortion spell? fetus-deletus
                                                                                                drugs and alcohol aren't the answer. unless the question is why did you shit on the sidewalk last night?
                                                                                                                      went to europe once for a miles davis concert --sorry, i meant kilometers davis...
                                                              how we know that god is not an engineer when designing the human body, an engineer would not run a sewer line through a recreational area.
                                                                                                                                         virgin airlines should just be itself. it'll happen eventually.
                                                                                                                                why did amd release black edition cpu? cause they run faster than white.
                                                                                                                                                 what gets easier to pick up the heavier it gets? women.
                                                                       chinese food: $16.72 gas to get to restaurant: $1.94 getting home and realizing they forgot one of your food containers: riceless
                                                                                                                                   what do you get if you put morphine on your toast? crumfortably numb!
                                                                                                                how is a vagina like a cigarette? the closer you get to the butt the stronger the taste.
                                                               #whydopeoplethinkitsokayto replace letters in words with numbers....well now i don't feel like reading the math equation you just sent me
                                                                    what is the difference between reddit and children's television? children don't throw tantrums when there's a rerun of some content.
                                                                                                                                                           *whispers softly* "...is there a king latifa"
                                                                                                  men have only two emotions: hungry and horny. if you see him without an erection, make him a sandwich.
                  tried to prank my tibetan buddhist friend. i tried to prank my buddhist friend from tibet, i told him the dalai lama had died. he was skeptical and said ill bereave it when i see it.
                                                                                                                                                          beer isn't a solution unless you're a chemist.
                                                               is this your 1st video conference call? *takes huge bong rip* *holding it in* umm no so you're aware we can see you? *cough* what *cough*
                                                                                                           doctor doctor my baby's swallowed a  bullet well don't point him at anyone until i get there!
                                                                      a vegan, an atheist, and a crossfitter walk into a bar.... the only reason i knew is that they wouldn't shut the fuck up about it.
                                                                                                   people keep telling me to start thinking for myself... i'm not sure what they want me to think about.
                                          my boss let me have a day off work because my wife was having a baby the next day he asked me if it was a boy or a girl, i said i'd tell him in about 9 months
                                                                                                       charles barkley sounds like a made-up name a dog would think of to get into a fancy country club.
                                                                                                                              what's the peak of bad luck to fall off a crashing plane on a sinking ship
                                                                                                                   why is the us terrible at league of legends? because they can't protect their towers.
                                                                                     "i'm gonna get a tattoo that says 'helvetica', written in arial. when a woman corrects me on it, i will marry her."
                                                                        a cloud came over the emperor's face. he vehemently gave a thumbs down. the crowd roared as the next pandora song began to play.
                                                                                             who makes more money a drug dealer or a prostitute? a prostitute because she can wash and resell her crack.
                                                                                                     what is the difference between the pope and acne? acme doesn't come on to your face until after 13.
                                                                                                                                     why do they call it pms? because mad cow disease was already taken.
                                                                                                                                                           if i cuold time travel i would fix the title.
                                                                                                                  my girlfriend accused me of cheating i told her she was starting to sound like my wife
                                                                                                                                           what do you get if king kong sits on your piano? a flat note.
                                                                                                          what do you say when the yoga teacher tells you to leave class for no reason? nah, i'mma stay.
                                                                                                                      what do you award to someone who comments in a thread from a month ago? reddit old
                                                                                                         what do /r/gonewild posters and cat owning redditors have in common? both show pussy for karma.
                                                                                     the economy is doing really bad... its so bad that when bill and hillary clinton travel, they have to share a room.
                                                                                                                                    authorized, bona fide, established... those are some legit synonyms.
                                                                                               so, a bird flies in front of a pitcher and gets hit by a baseball. what do the umpires rule it? fowl ball
                                                     what did the terrorist say to the racist and the socialist? "we are the 2016 presidential candidate frontrunners." this is a joke  take it that way
                                                                                                                        we had gay burglars the other night. they broke in and rearranged the furniture.
                                                                                                             thank god we don't have thought bubbles above our heads. i'd be in trouble 99% of the time.
                                                                                          just confused cereal with rat poison...i don't know if to wait till i'm sober to do something about it or not?
                                                             wife: you forgot my birthday again didn't you? me: [putting wrapping paper round the cat] goddammit, i told you not to turn round yet janet
                                                                                                                                      "poop fast and they'll think u only peed." -advice i give my kids.
                                                                                 so after vacuuming with the new dyson, i'm pleasantly surprised to learn that the carpet upstairs is actually hardwood.
                                                                                                                                          why are vampires like false teeth? they all come out at night.
                                                                         there are four legal methods of execution in the united states: lethal injection, gas chamber, electric chair and chuck norris.
                                                                                                                so i went to a production about puns today... ...it was basically just a play, on words.
                                                                                                                    my moral compass must run on solar power because it never seems to work after dark..
                                                                                                                                             hey, same-height couples. you're weird. everyone thinks so.
                                                                                                                                    what do you call it when you refuse to do core workouts? abstinence.
                                                                           interview tip: when you get the "where do you see yourself in 5 years" question, don't say "post-apocalyptic tribal warlord".
                                                                                                                          late term abortion now offered in florida free with stay to any orlando resort
                                                                                                               why has mexico never won olympic gold? all those who can run, jump and swim are in texas.
                                                             party questions by age 1-12: will there be a bouncy house? 17-20: will there be alcohol? 22-27: theres no kids right? 30+ who's bday is it?
                                                            there's a highway to hell. there's only a stairway to heaven. so a car ride downhill or an arduous climb up. anyway, welcome to the baptism.
                                                                                                                                                                    "don't quote me on that." -anonymous
                                                                               include a snapshot of doge the dog with your #resume. when asked about it during the interview, reply "what do you meme?"
                                                                                                                                            i was going to be a baker but i couldn't raise enough dough.
                                                                                                                     what's worse than a dead muskrat under your piano? a diseased beaver on your organ.
                                                                                                                                my doctor said i can't lift more than ten pounds... can you help me pee?
                                                                                                                                                                 how do australians breathe? they exhale
                                                                                    i'm writing code, not making diamonds. continuing to apply more and more pressure will not produce a better outcome.
                                                                        my dad died of severe hemorrhaging, and my best friend was disabled by ischemia. different strokes for different folks, i guess.
                                                                                                                                                          anybody here named jeff? jeff: yes geoff: yeos
                                                                                                                             why would someone in jail want to catch the measles? so he could break out.
                                                                                                               why can't jesus eat skittles? because they're always falling through the holes his hands.
                                                                                                                    max has 40 cookies, and decides to eat 34 of them. what does max have now? diabetes.
                                                                                                                    human confrontation has gone from face-to-face to phone call to email to text to :/.
                                                                                                                        why can't you tell when a pterodactyl goes to the toilet becuase the p is silent
                                                                                                          what's the similarity of a dough and a human? if they are thick, they have a hard time to rise
                                                             police have finally admitted they got it wrong in the shooting of jean charles de menez. it was his naughty brother dennis they were after.
                                       60th birthday last year my mother should have been celebrating her 60th birthday, but because of drugs, alcohol and many hard years of addition. we all forgot...
                                                                                                                                          two snare drums and a cymbal fall off a cliff... ba dum psshhh
                                                             when i die, i'm donating my body to the theater department. any jerk could donate their body to science. i can't wait to be a theater prop.
                                                                             *action movie guy gets shot 3 times* it's nothing, i'll be fine. *gets shot a 4th time* wow ok, that last one, ok whoooooo.
                                                                                                              a vietnamese couple found out they were expecting twins. it was a nguyen nguyen situation.
                                                                                                        what's the difference between jam and marmalade? you can't marmalade your dick in someone's ass.
                                                                              rene descartes walks into a bar. the bartender says, "would you like a beer?" descartes says, "i think not," and vanishes.
                                                                                                                                     i would talk about computer science... but it makes my mother board
                                                                                                                                   i carry a gun because i'd rather be judged by 12 than carried by six.
                                                                                                                                                          pineapple jokes when is an apple not an apple?
                                                                                                                                               who is a brooklyn dog's favorite composer? bach bach bach
                                                            when i send someone email instructions that end with "let me know if you have trouble," i'm really saying, "let me know if you're an idiot."
                                                                                           how many gays does it take to put in a lightbulb? only one, but it takes a whole emergency room to remove it.
                                                                                                                       remember, ladies, when you're taking those selfies, the camera adds like 10 cats.
                                                                                                                                                        i like to move it move it you like to move it it
                                                                                                                        hot mothers in your area want you to text them to let them know you got home ok.
                                                                                             in retrospect, when you look back at your own tweets, you cannot help but think how narcissistic you sound.
                                                                  operator: 999, emergency services. which service do you require? me: oh! don't mind me, i was just cleaning cake off the touch screen.
                                                                                                                                                         what kind of cigarettes do hippies smoke? yours
                                                                                                   what do you call someone who believes rotten eggs smell bad, but doesn't care? an eggsy-stench-alist.
                                                                i asked a friend of mine what it was like being a herb farmer.... ...he said its not so bad and that he had a lot of thyme on his hands.
                                                                                                                                                          what did one car say to the other? we are cars
                                                                     what separates the men from the boys is knowing that women love it when they show off their big throbbing manners and intelligence.
                                                                                                                          never buy the first round cause that's when people care what they're drinking!
                                                                                                                         what did cinderella say when she got to the ball? *cough-choke-cough-gag-cough*
                                                                                                    watched the interview about back to future with the cast michel j. fox was shaking he was so excited
                                                                                                                                          nothing worse than wasting a good mood by being around family.
                                                                                                             i came out of the closet today... and i'm currently enjoying the wonderful world of narnia!
                                                                                                       i hate it when people ask me what i'll be doing in 5 years. c'mon guys, i don't have 2020 vision.
                                                                    [running away from killer] killer: you're gonna trip on your shoelaces then i'll get u me: my shoes are velcro killer: noooooooooooo
                                                                                      women are like parking spaces... sometimes all the good ones are taken, so you have to stick it in a disabled one.
                                                                                                                     what do you call it when you flip a quarter and it lands on its edge. *coin*cidence
                                                                                                               some inmates claimed blackbeard was best... but i don't believe in cons' piracy theories.
                                                                                                                                               what does r/the_donald call its rule list? the maga carta
                                                                                               4: "mom, i'm gonna be just like you when i grow up and say bad words and eat french fries two at a time."
                                                                                                              did you hear about the constipated mathematician? he worked his problem out with a pencil.
                                                                                       eminem's "8 mile" wasn't very well received in canada i guess the title "12.8748 kilometer" just isn't as catchy.
                                                                                                                      i think there's a better word for underwear... ... butt hat's none of my business.
                                                                    an englishman, and irishman and a scotsman walk into a bar... ... and the barman says "what do you think this is, some kind of joke?
                                                                                                                                                      why did the man's kidneys fail? they didn't study.
                                                            remember that time when we got trapped on a ski-lift for 4 days, then the acid wore off and we were just sitting on my grandmas porch-swing.
                                                                                                                            arial walked into a bar. the bartender said "we don't serve your type here."
                                                                                                 in honor of easter, here's a joke my french teacher put on the board last week. easter is a bonne idee.
                                                                                                                            i'd like to know what obama or romney propose to do about youtube buffering.
                                                                                                                                                   what did the scientologist play on his wii? xenublade
                                                                                      bring back your best yo mama jokes. yo mama is so fat she goes to a restaurant, looks at the menu and says "okay!"
                                                                                        i'm so sick of all these unfunny dad joke reposts. "hi, so sick of all these unfunny dad joke reposts. i'm dad!"
                                                                                                                           what's the difference between bullets and everyone ? everyone misses harambe.
                                   what's the difference between a soldier and a teacher? as a soldier, it is your job to kill people. as a teacher, it is your job to try very hard not to kill people.
                                                                                  you hear about the highly-productive pastry factory that has trouble retaining employees? it has a high turnover rate.
                                                                   how many perverts does it take to put in a light bulb? just the two... but it takes a whole dedicated team at emergency to remove it.
                                                                                                                        my wife said i was being immature, so i told her to get the fuck out of my fort.
                         [request] girls names and bike parts puns i can only think of isabell anyone have any good ones? (sorry if requests aren't allowed in this subreddit just delete if necessary!)
                                                                                                                     what song should you sing to a wildebeest on his birthday? "happy birthday to gnu!"
                                                                                                        how do you piss of female archaeologists? hand them a used tampon and ask what period it's from.
                                                                                            "hey! check out my new ink" *removes shirt, stands naked* "dude!, i don't see anything" "it's invisible ink"
                                                                                                                                                                       *spits out coffee* verb is a noun
                                                                                                                                  where does the pervert keep the underwear he steals? in his briefcase!
                                                                                                                                      how do you know you're at a gay bbq? the sausage tastes like shit.
                                                                                                                                         we see you, people who order tea at coffee shops. we see you...
                                                                                                                                                                         two irishmen walk out of a pub.
                                                                                             if i had a dollar for every girl that found me unattractive they still wouldn't date me, despite my wealth.
                                                                                                   my sister-in-law sat on my glasses and broke them. it was my own fault. i should have taken them off.
                                                            [cops showing wife my body] "why is he 50m from where he got shot?" "our best guess was he tried crawling home to clear his browser history"
                                                              good artists copy ,, great artists steal i say to myself as i shove several marley and me dvds into my pants. im a dog lover wat can i say
                                                                                                      wifi went down during family dinner tonight. one kid started talking and i didn't know who he was.
                                                                                                                            diet day 1 i have removed all the bad food from the house. it was delicious.
                                                                                                             it's called "personal grooming" as though we might get confused and groom a total stranger.
                                                                                                                                         i always set my alarm to 9:11 so i *never forget* to *wake up*.
                                                                                                                                                        it should cost $87 to leave someone a voicemail.
                                                                                                                                               what's the most confusing holiday in harlem? father's day
                                                                                                                             how many germans does it take to change a light bulb? not zri, but fuehrer.
                                                                                                          pamela anderson turns 43 today but her tits are barely old enough to buy a drink in this city.
                                                                                              i just heard because of the government shutdown government archeologists are working with a skeleton crew.
                                                                                                                                    what is the most common kind of martial arts among germans? jewjitsu
                                                                       what is the difference between bill clinton and bill cosby? one is still dicking bimbos while the other was dicking still bimbos.
                                                                                                                              why does daredevil worry about getting fat? he never watches what he eats.
                                                                                                       my nose won't stop running. but, to be fair, it's the only part of my body that's still in shape.
                                                                                 i just met the most interesting man at the laundromat and then i realized that he can't even afford a washer or a dryer
                                                                                  when a mexican uses the word "wheelchair" in a sentence..... "hey i only bought one torta but don't worry wheelchair."
                                                                                                                                                                     *adds resume embellisher to resume*
                                                                                                                                 how many apples does it take to make a pie? 3.14159265358979323846.....
                                                            took my 3rd self-defense class, so if anyone feels like attacking me straight on, very slowly, w/ a fake knife in their right hand, bring it
                                                                                           the weeknd: i can't feel my face when i'm with you dentist (injecting novocaine): that's kinda the point dude
                                                                                              want to piss off a female archeologist? show her a used tampon and ask what period it's from. wakka wakka!
                                                                                                                                                      what hair style is a calf's favorite? the cowlick!
                                                                                                                               i added paul walker on xbox, but he spends all his time on the dashboard.
                                                                                                                                 life is like a box of chocolates it doesn't last as long for fat people
                                                                                                         why are jewish men circumcised? because jewish women won't go near anything that's not 20% off.
                                                                                                                                                                   what is a ducks favourite drug? quack
                                                                                                                                                       what do you call a cheap circumcision? a rip off!
                                                                                  accidentally walked into the men's room so i just went ahead and used the urinal so it wouldn't be awkward for anyone.
                                                             bear: *lowers sunglasses. is it *beary* serious? cops:...ok that's funny but but you mauled a child so yes. you have to go back to the zoo.
                                                                                                                                            what's black and white and red all over? battleship potemkin
                                                                                                                                               what does a japanese chef shout in bed? ooo mami! (umami)
                                                                                                                                            why is uncle sam's penis blue and white? you supply the red.
                                                                                                                                       how cute does someone have to be for sparks to fly? electro*cute*
                                                                                 with me, it's not pride that comes before a fall. it's half a bottle of vodka and a coffee table that i forgot existed.
                                                                                             good rule of thumb: if you see an adult riding a children's bicycle, you're probably in a bad neighborhood.
                                                                                                                                  til that there is an animal with an asshole on its back a police horse
                                                            [coworker] are you smiling at your stapler? no, just checking for spinach [laughs nervously]. oh, good. [me, to stapler] sorry baby i had to
                                                             [job int] "& what are your areas of weakness?" [leans in so close my nose touches the interviewers] "i don't like people touching my nose."
                                                                                                                                                     dude... i was there, don't try to change the story.
                                                                                                                                              how often do you find a eunuch in westeros? it varys (   )
                                                                                                                                                          what's your best "a guy walks into a bar" joke
                                                            i got tired of resetting all my clocks after all the power outages this week. today i woke up at the crack of random, blinking time o'clock.
                                                                                                                "i got chills, they're multiplying, and i'm losin' control." buddy, you got stomach flu.
                                                                                                                               i still don't understand why we are supposed to eat the tampon afterwards
                                                                                                                                what did the two tampons have in common? they were both stuck up bitches
                                                                                                       you don't need to use your words if you're carrying a machete. people just seem to figure it out.
                                                                                            life is a lot like chess you've always got to be thinking two steps ahead. and most people want to be white.
                                                                                                                                           "it's not you, it's me." -twins looking at some family photos
                                                                                                                                                   who's great at math, but always tells lies? fibonacci
                                                                                                               i never would've noticed that you removed me as a friend, until you tried to add me back.
                                                                                      [hostage situation] um i don't want to be "that hostage", but i just want to let you know i have a gluten allergy.
                                                                 things i use my car for, from most to least: 1)tweeting while parked 2)snacking 3)transporting bugs that can fly but are lazy 4)driving
                                                                                                                                                       how does nasa throw a holiday party? they planet.
                                                                                                                            a handsome man walks into a gay bar everyone started putting their stool in!
                                                                                                                                      just another day in portland oregon http://i.imgur.com/jl86my3.png
                                                                                                                    cool story bro, needs more dragons and shit - how game of thrones started, probably.
                                                                                                    considering you can be anything you want on the internet, it's amazing how many choose to be stupid.
                                                                                                                           relationship status i just caught myself stroking my gear shifter in traffic.
 cheating in a joke. a man cheats on his girlfriend lorraine with a woman named clearly. lorraine dies suddenly. at the funeral, the man stands up and sings, "i can see clearly now, lorraine is gone."
                                                                                                                                  why was the feminist picnic cancelled? because nobody made sandwiches.
                                                                i was going to suggest twitter to have a live nativity scene but i think it's going to be impossible. a virgin and 3 wise men? on here?!
                                                                       q: how many vietnam vets does it take to screw in a lightbulb? a: you don't know! you weren't there man!!! you'll never know!!!!!
                                                                                                                                                 the only thing that bakes at room temperature. stoners.
                                                                                                 the trump presidency will be fine... remember when nwo took over wcw? in the end, it turned out ok too.
                                                                                                                                          i can't believe lou gehrig's parents named him after a disease
                                                                                                                            what's the easter bunny's favorite song? "don't you want some bunny to love"
                                                                                                                               why was the turkey v germany match called off? there were too many fowls.
                                                                                                                            so i had a dream last night about eating breakfast. it was pretty *surreal.*
                                                                                                                                                 diarrhea is actually hereditary. it runs in your jeans.
                                                                                                                                               knock knock. - who's there? - i eat mop. - i eat mop who?
                                                                        [comes home from store] wife: [shaking her head] let me guess... earmuffs were on sale? me: [wearing 17 pairs of earmuffs] what?
                                                                                                                                       i was about to do a mexican joke... but that's crossing the line.
                                                                                                                           the girl at starbucks wrote my name as "meghen" like i lay eggs or some shit.
                                                                              kids don't listen! i've told mine a hundred times to fall off the top of the slide during recess so we can sue the school.
                                                                                                                                   i once met a woman who had 12 nipples that's sounds good... dozen tit
                                                                                                                    my jewish family banned beans, ever since my grandfather died of uncontrollable gas.
                                                                                                                          the bad belt q: why did the belt get locked up? a: he held up a pair of pants.
                                                                                                                                            what jedi is the best at opening pdf files? adobe wan kenobi
                                                                                          if mental stability was measured by the type of tweets we laughed at, straight jackets would be the new black.
                                                                                                                                                                   like a good neighbor, statefarm is...
                                                               "sir... your family is dead. april fools!!!! kidding!!! your son made it! he's in a coma! omg you shoulda seen your face!" - worst er doc
                                                                                                 we didn't take a video recording of our child's birth but we have some awesome video of his conception.
                                                                                                                                                          woke up in a graveyard. never felt more alive.
                                                                                                                                      why is a gun better than a woman? you can buy a silencer for a gun
                                                                                                         i have reliable inside information about apple's next product. i will not be able to afford it.
                     a girl once asked me if she was fat i told her that she was beautiful. in fact, she could model in a summer swimsuit catalog if she wanted. i hear they're casting for beach balls.
                                                                                   mulder: it's some sort of over-fed grim reaper judgment figure. scully: we're at the mall, mulder. that's just santa.
                                                                                                                                                         if you're happy and you know it, thank your ex.
                                                                                                                               you'd think with all the hiking dora the explorer does, she'd be thinner.
                                                                                                                                       why do ukrainians not like being late? they don't wanna be rushin
                                                                                                                                             what does a cannibal call a skateboarder?  meals on wheels.
                                                            "is my butt is too big?" my girlfriend asked, staring at her reflection in the mirror. sensing a trap, i fell to the ground and played dead.
                                                                                                                                          mosquitos are like family. annoying but they carry your blood.
                                                                                                                               what did the japanese man say to the hooker? you might feel a tiny prick.
                                                                                                                                          thank you for defining the word 'many' for me. it means a lot.
                                                                                              the most romantic restaurant in the world is not as dimly lit as the operating room on a tv medical drama.
                                                                                                         what did one pile of burning wood say to the other? is it getting hot in here or is it just me?
                                                                                                                                           that one about the three helium atoms is pretty funny. hehehe
                                                               [a dad about to give the birds & the bees talk] "son, when-" *watches son try to poke a capri sun for 35 minutes* "know what, we're good"
                                                                i found a hole in my trainer that's big enough to put my finger through. one formal complaint from her, and i'm now banned from the gym.
                                                                                                                                           i assume the burning bush was the bible's first recorded std.
            superman is using his supervision... and sees wonder woman lying naked in her bed! he breaks through her window and picks her up. "surprised?" he asks. "not as surprised as invisible man!"
                                                            one of my favorite things about raps music is the fun ethnic code words they use for everyday things like money & women. i'm learning a lot!
                                                                                             why do lawyers like women with large tits and tight pussies? because they have big mouths and little dicks.
                                                                 "blackhat" opens to just $4m this weekend with a $70m budget, making it the first bomb of 2015. biggest hack in the movie? micheal mann
                                                                                                                                                   [dirty] how does leia spend father's day? riding solo
                                                                          finally found out why mtv doesn't do crossover episodes the fcc had some serious problems with "pimp my pregnant 16 year old."
                                                            in my pocket is a computer far more powerful than the one that took apollo11 to the moon. i use it to photograph food & fling birds at pigs.
                                                                                                                              i saw my ex while taking a test today wonder if she cheated on that too...
                                       someone once said, "find a job you love and you'll never work a day in your life." so, i'm pleased to announce the grand opening of my titty squeezing business!!
                                                               officer, i know i was speeding, but you have to let me go. i'm running late to a concert and i'm the guy who brings the giant beach ball.
                                                                                          how many vietnam vets does it take to screw in a lightbulb? how the fuck would you know? you weren't there!!!!
                                                                 "if you have any questions, just ask. my door is always open." said the boss at my new job. "why do you need a door then?" i asked him.
                                                              guys, don't ever tell a girl that she's yummier than a gummy bear, she'll know it's not true because nothing is yummier than a gummy bear.
                                                                                                                                        i asked a girl to text me when she got home she must be homeless
                                                                                    why do ducks have webbed feet? to put out fires. why do elephants have large, flat feet? to stamp out burning ducks.
                                                                                                       how many conspiracy theorists does it take to screw in a light bulb? we may never know the truth.
                                                                                          the love for music! if someday we all go to prison for downloading music, i hope they split us by music genre.
                                                                                                                                        what's the difference between a politician and a computer? logic
                                                              me: that the new iphone? him: yup! the 5s! me: what's the difference? him: the c stands for "cheap" me: what about the s? him: "'spensive"
                                                                                                                                                  what did the /r/science mod say to the user? [removed]
                                                                                                 funny thing about national cleavage day is that girls with big boobs celebrate it everyday. hallelujah.
                                                                                                                                  i just burped and fogged my glasses up. line forms to the left ladies.
                                                                                                                                           what's tinier than a teeny weenie ant? an ant's teeny weenie.
                                                                                                                 why do pirates like girls with small tits? because they always search for sunken chests
                                                                                                       waiter: how did you find your steak sir? customer: oh i just moved the potatoes and there it was!
                                                                                                                                      donald trumps next book should be called ... the gift of the grab.
                                                                                                                            your face is kinda similar to a planet... ''oh yeah, which one?'' ''uranus''
                                                                                                                       someone just named a commercial service "kgb"? i would've gone with "abu ghraib".
                                                                                                                                      what did the blind, paraplegic kid get for his christmas? ..cancer
                                                                                                                        i don't think it's called usa anymore, but dsa... the divided states of america.
                                                                                                                 a girl who i've been seeing goes to sleep early. but that's mostly from the chloroform.
                                                                                                                            there are 3 types of people in the world those who can count and can't count
                                                                  the inventor of the frisbee died yesterday. per his final wishes, he'll be thrown onto the roof and forgotten about until next summer.
                                                                             *buzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz* *panics* omg what's that noise? *son walks in with powered toothbrush* *buzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz* thank god.
                                            "the actor who plays the villain in no country for old men was causing trouble in my bar last night." "javier bardem?" "no, but i will if he does it again."
                                                                                                                 my friend asked me how i got so good at guitar. i told him i'm use to fingering minors.
                                                                         i think tomorrow i'm going to respond to everyone using only lyrics from songs by the dead deads. wish me some luck at the dmv.
                                                              survival tip: if a bear comes at you, do not try to "sweep the leg". they've all seen the karate kid and learned how to defend against it.
                                                                                   it's been five minutes since adobe asked me to install an update. i hope they didn't go out of business or something.
                                                                                                                                                                   real frogs call him kermit the fraud.
                                                             tried to "catch 'em all," but who wouldn't get sick of that imperious little prick pikachu always referring to himself in the third person?
                       bus stop a man with three eyes, no arms and one leg is waiting at a bus stop. a bus pulls up. the driver opens the door and says, "eye eye eye, you look armless enough, hop on!"
                                                     a photon walked into a hotel. the clerk asked it it would like a hand with it's luggage... "no thank-you", said the photon, "i'm travelling light".
                                                                                            "can someone call me a doctor?!" you're a doctor. "please i'm losing my patience!" you're a terrible doctor.
                                                                                                                                   why was the alligator sad? it had a kiddie meal but didn't get a toy.
                                                                                                             "what if i tried to put a ball somewhere and you tried to stop me" -guy who invented sports
                                                              him: [slipping my panties off] why are u wearing 2 pairs of panties me: i'm not him: [sliding another pair off] omg how many are u wearing
                                                                                                                       why do elephants have trunks ? because they would look silly carrying suitcases !
                                                                                                                       i was always really bad with numbers but i think my 34 inch dick makes up for it.
                                                                                                                         what do you call a professional violinist when they're young? a kiddie fiddler.
                                                                                                                                                            what do elves learn in school? the elf-abet.
                                                                             i tried changing my facebook profile to the tricolour french flag.... but i preferred the traditional all white french flag
                                                                                                                     i'm never more aware that i don't have boobs than when i'm paying for my own drink.
                                                                                                                                                i was gonna tell a racist joke but fuck it, its too dark
                                                                           me: *pets dog* dog: ruff me: *pets dog* dog: ruff me: *pets dog* dog: dude, i said your hands are ruff; can't you moisturize?
                                                                                                                                  i really hate when people only put one word in their submissions title
                                                                                                                                                                         "tweet it" is the new laughing.
                                                                                                                              doctor doctor i'm becoming  invisible. yes i can see you're not all there!
                                                                                                                                         alan rickman has passed away. he was going through a bad spell.
                                                                                           -can you describe the jellyfish that stung you? -yes, it looked like a lazy toddler tried to draw an octopus.
                                                                                                                                  excuse me, miss, you've got a little bit of face on your makeup there.
                                                                 parents: "why don't you come socialize with the family?" me: *sits with family* *gets insulted by entire family* *goes back to bedroom*
                                                                                                                                              what's 12 inches long and stiff in the morning? cot death.
                                                                                    why was 11 afraid of 12? because 12 13 14!!!!! get it?!?!??! source: some comment on reddit i read like 6 months ago
                                                                  you in the crosswalk: i stopped for you. i stopped. i'm stopped. i won't unstop. don't look at me. just walk. go. for the love of god.
                                                                  "my mind is telling me nooo... but my body... my body's telling me yesss...baby" cashier: sir...would you like fries with that or not?
                                                                                 what did one buttcheck say to the other buttcheck? after all the shit that has been between us, we will never be apart.
                                                                                                                                        did you hear about the mexican that went to college? me neither.
                                                                                                                                                           what's a 6.9? a good time ruined by a period.
                                                                                                                                     i tried uploading my sex tape to pornhub. they told me to try vine.
                                                                                                                 this doctor... knock knock. who's there? interrupting doctor. interup- you have cancer.
                                                                                                what do plums and bunnies have in common? they're both purple, except bunnies...bunnies aren't purple :/
                                                                                                              sometimes i'm so pessimistic, i feel like a german vegetarian i'm always fearing the wurst
                                                                                hey dummies when you shazam a song you dont have to hold the phone up because its just a song and sound goes everywhere.
   lonely fisherman i am an excellent fly fisher. every time my fly goes down, fishes come flocking. i am happy with what i get. but the world is filled with jealous folks, they call me master-baiter.
                                                                                                                                                  what state makes exclusively swiss cheese? swisconsin.
                                                                [chess tournament] rival: [plays move] me: [knocks board aside. punches rival in face] chess! commentator: he's won every round this way
                                                                                                                         do these sweatpants and 5 extra pounds make me look like i'm in a relationship?
                                                                                                                                                                      i'm feeling like a country hungary
                                                                                                                                                         q: what's mary short for? a: she's got no legs.
                                                                                                     i just don't understand these dirty cocktail names anymore... ...what on earth is a penis collider?
                                       walking down the street i was walking home form work and i saw a bee crawling on the grass. i was thinking of stepping on it, then i decided 'ehh i'll let it be'
                                                                                                                                what do you call a person who looks at a glass half-empty? an alcoholic.
                                                                                 why did the chicken cross the road? .... because bernie sanders challenged him to a debate about the future of america.
                                                                                                                                              did you hear about the cannibal who dumped his girlfriend?
                                                             i live in constant fear that my kid will become a famous artist or painter and i will have thrown out about a trillion dollars of her work.
                                                                                        if someone starts talking to you, easily get out of the conversation by nodding while climbing the nearest tree.
                                                                                                                                   why did the dinosaurs go extinct? because they were veloco*raptured*.
                         my boss texted me, "send me one of your funny jokes." i replied, "i'm working at the moment, i will send you one later." he replied, "that was fantastic, send me another one."
                                                                                         'winter wonderland' is my favourite song about building a snowman that you will potentially have sex with later
                                                                                                                                                wanna hear a joke about paper? never mind. it's tearable
                                                                                                               googles "what happens if you accidentally eat raw cookie dough" [5 minutes later] "twice"
                                                                                                                                  knock knock 'who's there?' 'europe.' 'europe who?' 'no, you're a poo.'
                                                                                                                                    why couldn't the skeleton add 1 + 1? because he doesn't have a brain
                                                                                                        what do you call a /u/legitlizard that can't move? a /u/legitlizard with e_reptile_ dysfunction!
                                                                 i've decided to shave off my eyebrows and draw them in. it's pretty cool, except when i have to redraw them to show somebody i'm angry.
                                                                                   did you hear the one about the gay couple who were perfect for each other? gerald fitzpatrick and patrick fitzgerald.
                                                                    judge: jury, how do you find the defendant? me: [whispering] dude, he's like...right there. judge: there's no talking me: [pointing]
                                                                                                                                                        til how to time travel and man do i miss reddit.
                                                                                                                                        i got an empty fortune cookie the other day. it was unfortunate.
                                                           fear is not the only emotion chuck norris can smell. he can also detect hope, as in "i hope i don't get a roundhouse kick from chuck norris."
                                                                                                                                        "why haven't you been answering my pigeons?" - 17th century sext
                                                                                                      mom stop you are not funny son: mom stop you are not funny, you never make jokes. mom: i made you.
                                                            nothing interesting has happened today. i haven't been robbed at knifepoint. i haven't been sold into sexual slavery. i'll keep you updated.
                                                                                      [interview] them: what would you say if i gave you money from the register and told you to keep it? me: thank you.
                                                                             what is the difference between god and donald trump? donald trump can make god great again. however, god has no such power!
                                                                                                                                                     an irishman walks out of a bar. badum, ssssshhhhhhh
                                                                 you know that woman in the infomercial that didn't know how to use a regular blanket cuz it wasn't a snuggie? no way she's still alive.
                                                                                                                               she'll be coming around the mountain when she comes. - mountain bragging.
                                                                                  here in england, we drive on the right side of the road. if we drove on the wrong side, there'd be a lot more crashes.
                                                                                        a person followed me and then unfollowed me within 3 minutes. how can they judge me after only seeing 47 tweets?
                                     q: how many believable competent "just right for the job" presidential candidates does it take to change a lightbulb ? a: it's going to be a dark 4 years isn't it?
                                                                                                    how do you feel about perfumes being designed by computers? because i think it makes perfect scents.
                                                                                                                                                          why does snoop carry an umbrella? for drizzle.
                                                                                                                                      a bargain is something you don't need at a price you can't resist.
                                                                                                                           i couldn't remember the term "hazmat suit," so i called it a "science burqa."
                                                                                                                               i like my women how i like my computer broken, dead, and in the basement.
                                                                                                    what will happen if you went inside a black hole? i don't know either. it must be out-of-this-world.
                                                                                                                                  chop, chop! - chop, chop! - who's there? - han. - han who? - hannibal.
                                                                                                                         what is the best sub reddit to see once watching "gods of egypt?" /r/eyebleach.
                                                                                                                                          my penis is only a fraction of an inch... thirty three thirds.
                                                                                                                      it's not that i need anger management, it's that others need stupidity management.
                                                                                                                   it's hard to write a good drinking song. i can never make it past the first few bars.
                                                                                                                                what noise did the dumbbells make when they were dropped? ... dong-ding.
                                                                                                       i hope toy story 3 is about woody and buzz trying to save the asian child workers that made them.
                                                                                                      the best part of halloween is all the jehovah's witnesses wondering why they're being given candy.
                                                                                                                                   where do super-villains get their coffee? dun-dun-duuunnnnkin donuts.
                                                                           finished my first short film. it's a horror/drama that will scare and make you weep. it's basically just footage of me naked.
                                   why do physicists make terrible parents? they think their children are small enough to neglect! adapted from a saturday morning breakfast cereal, i forget which one.
                                                                                                                          a good way to force people to feel whatever you're feeling is to hum in public
                                                                                                                                                                   i ate so many chickpeas... i falafel!
                                                                                    1. take pictures of every cat in your neighborhood 2. make missing cat posters with the pictures 3. get all the cats
                                                                                                                        what do you get when you put a bunch of roosters into a compactor? a cock block!
                                                                                                                                 next time a skinny bitch calls herself fat... i'm gonna agree with her.
                                                                                                                     what's the difference between ignorance and apathy? i don't know, and i don't care.
                                                                                                                                                still waiting for what didn't kill me to make me strong.
                                                                                       why do scuba-divers fall backwards off the boat? ...because if they fell forwards they'd fall back into the boat.
                                                                                                                         my dad gave me $20 for lunch today i don't know why, a $5 note tastes the same.
                                                      hey, did you hear about that top secret explosion? me neither. no one did. it's top secret. we're probably on a list already for talking about it.
                                                                                                             lies! stop the lies! -my reply to my husband whenever he tells me he's gonna "repair that".
                                                                                                     my company moved offices and wanted to transfer my job to northern canada but i was having nunavut.
                                                                                                                                  let me make an iphone joke never mind, ill just come up with a new one
                                                                                         girls hope you celebrated valentines day responsibly, or you'll be celebrating thanksgiving in a maternity ward
                                                                                                                                               where do amish people go to get medicine? to the farmacy.
                                                                                                                                                        not all men are stupid... some are still single.
                                                                                                                                   why is this joke bad for the environment? because it wasn't recycled.
                                                                                                                                                                what's a mexicans favorite protein? whey
                                                                                                                 what do you call having sex in a canoe? bud light, because it's fucking close to water.
                                                                                     most women need a little reassurance. like when she says "oh, you want to see crazy?" reassure her that you do not.
                                                                                                                                          i flunked out of clown college due to taking it too seriously.
                                                                                                                           happy bring your plane to work day everyone! hope you have guys have a blast!
                                                                                                             the bartender says, "we don't serve time travelers here." a time traveler walks into a bar.
                                                                                     how many hipsters does it take to screw in a light bulb? it's an obscure number, you've probably never heard of it.
                                                                                                                                          what's the definition of parity? two parrots exactly the same!
                                                                                                                               what did the cannibal do after he dumped his girlfriend? he wiped his ass
                                                                                                                          what should i do for my 30th birthday??? i'm only 23 but it pays to b prepared
                                                                        goodnight moon, goodnight stars, goodnight perfectly normal purple rain album cover where prince's eyes follow u across the room
                                                                                                                              what is josh duggars favorite thing about 19 year olds? there's 19 of them
                                                                                         what's the difference between a catholic priest and acne? acne usually comes on a boy's face after he turns 12.
                                                                                            do you think the rattlesnake is ever embarrassed that he has a stupid baby toy at the end of his string body
                                                             stop editing ya'll pics. what if you go missing? how you expect us to find you if you look like beyonce on facebook & chief keef in person.
                                                                                                 what did cinderella say when she got to the ball? "ggggkkk" huh...kinda hard to tell this joke in text.
                                                                                                           not a joke, but just wondering, am i the only one who reads these jokes in a southern accent?
                                                                                                            what's white and streaks across the sky at a thousand miles an hour? the coming of the lord.
                                                            people are so wary of technology still. i grew up living directly under high power lines & only have 1 sentient mole that orders me to kill.
                                                                                                                                         getting a dog next week, i'm naming him peeve it's my pet peeve
                                                                                                                 what's a pirates favorite type of fish? gaaaarrrrrrrr!!! edit: i beat ya guys to it. ha
                                                                             what if they found the face of jesus in a piece of toast but it was *actually* jesus? "this is my body, i'm nice with jam."
                                                                                                                      why doesn't george r.r. martin use a twitter? because he kills all 140 characters.
                                                                                                                your father is so absent... when i google searched him it returned: error 404 not found.
                                                                                                             what does the bermuda triangle and blonds have in common they both swallow a lot of sea men
                                                                                                                                   what do you call a deaf person who can't lip read? anything you want!
                                                                                                                                  what do you call a witch that stays out all  night? a fresh air freak.
                                                                                          how do you defeat an american? don't do anything, just place a mirror in front of them and see as they squirm.
                                                                                i discriminate against people who lose digits on their feet to frostbite. i guess you could say i am lactose intolerant.
                                                             don't make a mountain out of a molehill do it with mashed potatoes, then play keyboard for the aliens ... i think my cough medicine expired
                                                                                                                                                        what's a monster's favorite bean? a human bean. 
                                                                                                                                                i was gonna put on my watch. but i didn't have the time.
                                                                                                                                        nothing makes me more suspicious than an unsolicited compliment.
                                                                                                                                            why was 8 afraid of 7? because 7 was a registered 6 offender
                                                                                                                                                      *donates my body to science* science: no thank you
                                                                                                                                         hear about the farmer that stepped on a rake? he had two acres.
                                                                                                                                                         valar morghulis the feminist extremists' motto.
                                                                                 i found a good bread recipe where you don't have to get your hands messy from mixing it the bread was kneadless, to say
                                                                                                          what should we call this giant advertising board? phil: a philboard bill: i have a better idea
                                                                           *licks stamp* hmmm tastes weird *mails letter* hmmm mailbox had wings *drives home on flying monkey* hmmm that wasn't a stamp
                                                            [hears a voice in the sky] - is it you? god?! [kneels] voice: could the idiot on platform 4 stop kneeling every time i make an announcement?
                                                                                      if trump becomes president, it won't be called the white house anymore he'll rename it the exclusively white house
                                                                                                                                              i went to an orgy... and all i got was this cummy t-shirt.
                                                                                                                       this pumpkin spice toilet paper seems unnecessary, but i'll taste it nonetheless.
                                                                                                         a woman who's husband died is called a widow, what do you call a husband who's wife died? lucky
                                                                                                                                                     how do you think the unthinkable? with an itheburg.
                                                                                                                           my friend told me he hasn't pooped in a week. i told him he was full of shit.
                                                                                                    what do you get if you cross a green lantern, a car and an atheist? willing suspension of disbelief.
                                                           what does a cobra say to his friends after he kills a mongoose? "i wasn't scared at all. without you, i wouldn't even know what a quiver is."
                                                                                                               i hear a woman with no legs just won the world strawberry picking competition. jammy cunt
                                                                     my brother just updated his status to "i love my girlfriend <3". i always knew he liked them young, but that is f*cking ridiculous.
                                                                                                                  when i say i go to the gym religiously, that usually means every christmas and easter.
                                                                                                    why couldn't the scientist understand what the photon was saying? because the photon was incoherent.
                                                                                                   joke - ghost what did the ghost wearing sox say? shhoooooooooooooeeeeeesss!! shoooooooooooooooooose !
                                                                                                                                      there are two things i don't like in my girlfriend. it's her chin.
 are you a romantic man? yes. when my wife comes home late, i turn on the candles, let the place fill up with nice and warm water and throw in some soap. so she can immediately start doing the dishes.
                                                                                                                                                          why do jews have such large noses? air is free
                                                                                                           wal-mart why are there no wal-marts in the middle east? a: because there are too many targets
                                                                                                         did you hear about the crime that happened in a parking garage? it was wrong on so many levels.
                                                              god: but if you use your sting you will die. bee: that will teach us not to abuse our power. how did the wasps take that news? god: err...
                                                                  star wars (1977): a wounded warrior overcomes severe burn injuries to build a massive empire only to see his estranged son destroy it.
                                                                                                                                            whats black and always in the back of a cop car? a seatbelt.
                                                               most laughs that you hear on tv shows today, were recorded in the 1950's. means, technically, you're likely hearing dead people laughing.
                                                                                                                                                          i slay pussy like i slay dinosaurs not at all.
                                                                                                       so hacker group anonymous declared war on isis. probably the closest isis will get to 72 virgins.
                                                                                                 a joke about mermaids and humans: if human pussy smells like fish, does mermaid pussy smell like human?
                                                                                                                                why is jesus bad at crossword puzzles? he always gets stuck on 2 across.
                                                                                                                                              what do you call memories of old playstation? sony-stalgia
                                                                                                                                           did you hear about the magic tractor? it turned into a field.
                                                                                                            i did a stand up gig once for the homeless. i said "it's nice to see so many bums on seats".
                                                                                                                                                          one day, i came across a mute man, and he said
                                                                    the authorities just apprehended a notorious cereal killer. when they asked him why he did it, he said... ... he did it for the kix.
                                                                        knock-knock joke told to me by a 7 year old kid: knock-knock who's there? doris doris who? doris locked that's why i'm knocking!
                    rihanna's new clothes. chris brown is in the news again. at a popular club downtown he apparently got drunk and started shouting "i'm gonna beat rihanna till she's gold and white".
                                                                    give a man a fish and feed him for a day don't teach a man to fish and feed yourself. he's a grown man. and fishing's not that hard.
                                                                                                                          what did one testicle say to the other testicle? this guy in middle is a dick.
                                                                                                                                                  start every day off with a smile and get it over with.
                                                                                                                                        what's the difference between a chestnut and a walnut? your aim.
                                                                         he'd make the best firefighter. my friend is the absolute worst at snappy comebacks i guess you could say he's flame retardant.
                                                                                                        i'm more afraid of the shitty music my family is going to play at my funeral than i am of dying.
                   a grasshopper walks into a bar... a grasshopper walks into a bar. the bartender says, "hey, i got a drink named after you!" the grasshopper says, "hey you got a drink named steve?!"
                                                                       hey, edgar allen, go ahead and poe me up another drink! don't tell me to be quiet, lady! why are there so many books in this bar?
                                                                                                               its so cold in massachusetts i just seen a democrat with his hands in his own pockets! ;)
                                                                                                                                  how can you always break even at the casino? play the change machines.
                                        winston and a cat what is the difference between j. winston and a cat? one ruins girls clothes and steals crab legs, the other one is also losing the rose bowl.
                                                                                                 i'm working on a porn filtering app that would show only vanilla porn... but i can't work out the kinks
                                                                                                                                    joe dirt 2 was so bad amazon prime should have released it yesterday
                                                                you and me baby ain't nothing but mammals so let's cheat and murder for insurance money like they do on investigation discovery channel.
                                                                                                                                    why is the new os from microsoft called windows 10? because 7 ate 9.
                                                                                                                   time for a police based knock knock joke. pew pew pew it's the police, open the door!
                                                                                                                                        why would you put a laxative in pot brownies? shits and giggles.
                                                                                                                                       what kind of lettuce do serve on the titanic? iceberg lettuce! :d
                                                               ugly duckling is my favorite story that teaches kids it's okay to look weird for a while as long as u get ur act together and become hot.
                                                                                                                 knock knock jokes ... the guy who created knock knock jokes deserves a "no bell" prize.
                                                                                                                                            what's red and fucks old ladies? me, in my lucky red jacket.
                                                                                                                                         what do you the balcony seats at the theater? the wilkes booth.
                                                                                             what do you call a black man when he is sitting in the cockpit controlling an airplane? a pilot you racist!
                                                                                   knock knock who is it? daisy daisy whom? daysi me rollin', they hatin', patrolling. they wanna catch ne riding dirty!
                                                                                       so i saw one of those "drink for pink" labels on a bottle of juice... sounds like georgia tech's hookup strategy.
                                                                                                                                                   what is a chemist's favourite restaurant? rubidium's.
                                                                                                                      how do you make sure you have the best space party for your kid? you planet early.
                                                                                                                             what would you call an edm producer on a flagpole? datsik but not dat well.
                                                                                                                                 what did the fisherman say to the street magician? pick a cod, any cod!
                                                                                   a little boy told his mom that he wants to be like donald trump when he grows up mom: well pick one, you cant be both
                                                                                                                     i don't know why everyone's complaining about chip card readers. i have bad credit.
                                                            i went to the doctor for a chest cold, she looked at me and asked if i'd ever taken steroids. i said, "no. but i appreciate the compliment."
                                                                                                                 awe yeah,,, i just washed my dog with axe body wash... he's gonna to get all da b!tches
                                                                                                         taking my dog out in below zero weather brings one thought to mind. i should have gotten a cat.
                                                                                                             if she farts in front of your parents repeatedly just for the reaction then she's a keeper.
                                                                                                                      redneck word of the day rectum ex. i had two good four wheelers but then i rectum.
                                                                                                                   why were there only 1000 people at the million mexican march? they only had 2 trucks.
                                                  this guy goes to the olympics and sees a guy carrying a long pole. he asks - are you a pole vaulter? guy replies - no i'm german, and my name is hans.
                                                                                                                                             you know what they say about tapirs?... they're nosey pigs.
                                                                                                                                                                                    anti... ...cipation!
                                                                                                                           why did snoop dogg go to the store before he sculpted his statue? fo' chisel.
                                                                                                                                                             ugly is in the eye of the beholder as well.
                                                                           what did the comedian do when his joke did not go home with the audience? he became a boxer and delivered a strong punchline.
                                               my granddad committed suicide. he drove off a cliff. everyone was screaming and shouting at him telling him not to do it. then again he was a bus driver.
                                                            saw an alabama fan the other day he was wearing a t-shirt that said "i bleed crimson" i walked up to him and said "you big dummy, we all do"
                                                                       did you hear there was a fire in george bushes personal library? it was awful! most of his books hadn't even been colored in yet.
                                                                                                                                                           what does gay rooster say? sev-sev-seveeeeen.
                                                               chefs who can't admit failure present: soft-boiled eggs steak tartare twice-baked potatoes sour cream calzones pineapple upside down cake
                                                                                               british scientists have demonstrated that cigarettes can harm your children. fair enough, use an ashtray.
                                                                                         last night a hypnotist convinced me i was a soft, malleable metal with an atomic number of 82. i'm easily lead.
                                                                                                                                           soup baby what do you call a dead ukrainian baby. aborschtion
                                                                                                                           i went to an indian restaurant and asked for curry bread. but there was naan.
                                                                   why was the joker's us passport application denied? passports require proof of us citizenship and the joker is a fictional character.
                                                                                                                                                   i just saw a ghost with tourrets. fuckboo to you too.
                                                                                           "[i] broke up with him because i was sick of justifying his trench coat to my friends" - overheard on the bus
                                                                                                                                    what did disney call their remake of dante's inferno? 101 damnations
                                                            me: need help? girl (having car trouble): could u give me a jump me: *inflating the bounce house i keep in my trunk* i thought u'd never ask
                                                                           100% of car accidents happen within exactly five miles of something. if you're within five miles of anything right now, move.
                                                                                              they say there are plenty of fish in the sea but until i catch one, i'm stuck here waiting holding my rod.
                                                                                                                                   what's the hardest part about nailing a dead baby to a tree? my dick.
                                                                              i really hate people who never have bread for breakfast... you can say i'm lack toast intolerant i'll ^see ^^myself ^^^out
                                                                                                 turns out i am a master of tantric maths. i can stare at the page for hours and the answer never comes.
                                                                                                                                           how to win an argument with a deaf girl? turn off the lights.
                                                                                                                                   q: did you hear about the blonde that  invented the solar flashlight?
                                                               who knew 20yrs after debate class i'd apply those skills to present arguments to 7yo on why pasta shapes don't change the taste of pasta.
                                                             if you murder a dude and feel guilty just tell his family "sorry" and if they can't get over it after that then who are the monsters really
                                                                                           a punchline walks into a bar. hello, you have reached the punchline, leave a message after the tone. **beep**
                                                                                                              in mother russia... how much woodchuck would a wood chuck if a wood could chuck woodchuck?
                                                                                                                                                              whats long and black? the unemployed line.
                                                                                                         son: "dad, can you give me 30 bucks?" dad: "20 bucks? what the hell do you need 10 bucks for?!"
                                                                                                                                  why do people hate cliffhangers? because the suspense is killing them.
                                                                                                                                     why are all blond jokes 1 liners... so men can understand them too!
                                                                                                                                                     i took a vacation to a city in france. it was nice.
                                                                                                     astronaut 1:so sorry astronaut 2: my condolences astronaut 3: forgive us ~~the crew of the apollo-g
                                                                                                                                                      i decided not to have any children. i kid you not.
                                                                                          q:of the set; 689 and 986, which is larger? a) 689 b)986 c) who cares, as long as they are having a good time!
                                                                            i went to see an inflatable marching band i was excited at first, but when i got there they turned out to be pretty flat....
                                                                                          ups, fedex, and dhl trucks should play a jingle like ice cream trucks so we know when our packages are coming.
                                                                                         some dude told me he's had 100 times more girls than me which made me laugh so much because 100 x 0 is still 0.
                                                                                                                   what did the pony say when he had a sore throat? pardon me, i'm just a little hoarse.
                                                                                                                    i asked my north korean friend how are things over there. he said he can't complain.
                                                                                                                      "i'm sorry" &amp; "i apologize" mean the same thing unless... you're at a funeral.
                                                                             the coffee in my cup is rippling. with all my experiences in the past this means that a dinosaur is coming my way.....shit.
                                                                     [first date] her: i just love eating clean and staying healthy, you know? me:*flashback to the time i cry-ate two lasagnas* totally
                                                                                                                       how can you tell if you are looking at a police glow worm ? it has a blue light !
                                                                                did you know that it's traditional to serve eggs benedict on a hubcap? there's no plate like chrome for the hollandaise.
                                                                                                                             why is fishing called fishing and hunting is not called deering or birding?
                                                                                                                    the cow says "moo", the horse says "neigh"... the dog says "that person...edward..."
                                                                                                     i see subway employees are still having their "how much lettuce can you fit on a sandwich" contest.
                "eat my pussy, you salty whore!" said the chef working at a chinese food restaurant to the prostitute who just spilled her salt on herself and was reluctant to eat the meal before her.
                                                                                        god is obviously a civil engineer... ... only a civil engineer would route a sewage system through a playground.
                                                                                                                   i always go the extra mile for my wife ever since she took out that restraining order
                                                                                                   it's true, basic white girls don't poop you need to pay for a more advanced model for those features.
                                                                                              if the skin on your elbow is called a weenus... is the skin on your knee called a knee-nus? (i'm so sorry)
                                                                                                     recent studies have shown that 5 out of 6 people enjoy gang rapes, and would be apart of one again.
                                                                                                                   what if your dog speaks french and this whole time has been asking you for some beef?
                                                                                                                                                      you're fat don't sugar coat it, you'd eat that too
                                                                                                                         don't start or end a job in july because you'll be asked "july on your resume?"
                                                                                                                                                                 what kind of tea isn't fake? a property
                                                                                                            what did the monkey say when he put his tail on the railroad tracks? it's won't be long now!
                                                                                                                     what did the grape say when it got crushed? nothing, it just let out a little wine.
                                                                                       [first date] her: do you have any hobbies? me: yes! wait, did you say "hobbits"? her: no, hobbies me: oh, then no
                                                                                                                                       what kind of bees get you high? doo-bees... i'm so sorry for that
                                                                 *toy container falls off ship* *lego bricks wash ashore on a beach full of barefoot swimmers* *president declares a national emergency*
                                                                                                                               i think ugly people have children just to prove to everyone they had sex.
                                                                                                                                       my ipod can hold over 3,000 songs, or one voicemail from my mom..
                                                                                                                                                    how do you f*ck a greece woman? get a job at the ecb
                                                                                                                    why didn't natalie wood take a shower on the boat? she wanted to wash up on shore...
                                                                                               if the discovery channel's new show 'naked and afraid' isn't about mormon honeymoons, i'm not interested.
                                                                                                                             personal reflection is important for anyone working in the mirror industry.
                                                                                                                                           why, yes, i am dressed for the weather. i am wearing a house.
                                                                                                                                        what does fetty wap buy when he goes to walmart? 7 tees, 30 eggs
                                                                                                   what kind of injury results from having an omega-3 bottle thrown at your head? a super-fish-oil wound
                                                                                                                     whats the difference between jam and jelly? i can't jelly my cock down your throat.
                                                                                                          i farted in a room of hipsters... and i watched them fight each other over who heard it first.
                                                                                                                     i filmed myself having sex in 4k i can't wait to upload all 2 megabytes of footage!
                                                                                                                           how do redneck na'vi get their skin tone? blue genes... i'll be here all week
                                                            yes, curling is silly and basically janitorial work, but that guy's gonna have a gold medal, and all you'll have is your joke about curling.
                                                                                                                                          how do i play farmville on this fuckin site? this fuckin blows
                                                            my mom watched me play "madden" for 40 minutes then asked "what game are you watching?" i wonder what she thought i was doing with my hands.
                                                                                i heard the chief of police on the news saying "we will never forget 9 11" i should bloody hope so its your phone number
                                                                                       q: how many democrats does it take to destroy a light bulb? a: none. they only know how to destroy the taxpayers.
                                                                                                                                                      what is the job of a gentleman pimp? to tally-hos!
                                                                   my wife said she was leaving me because of my obsession with the band the monkees, i thought she was joking... then i saw her face...
                           man walks into a bakery says to the baker "i'd like to buy a wasp please." the baker says "sir, we don't sell wasps." the man replies "well there's one in your shop window!"
                                                                                                                                 i'm not racist because racism is a crime and crime is for black people.
                                                                                                                                                         i used to be a banker but then i lost interest.
                                                                                                                    my teacher said, "are you chewing gum?" i said, "do i look like chewing gum to you?"
                                                                                                                                           my girlfriend wanted a joule... unfortunately i am out of fs.
                                                                                                                                             cnn news "tree falls on bank" does anyone know what branch?
                                                                                                                           so there was a bomb threat at my school today... tomorrow's gonna be a blast.
                                                                                                                            what's the easiest way to perform an exorcism? you beat the hell out of them
                                                                                                                                                why do women love jordan spieth? because he came second.
                                                                                                 i've got a fungal skin infection it was a little itchy at the start, but now it's really growing on me.
                                                            3 days before christmas, my wife drops her 2007-era iphone in a public toilet. i get the hint. she wants me to get her a much cheaper phone.
                                                             what do you call it when you talk to god? praying. now what do you call it when god talks to you? schizophrenia, it's called schizophrenia.
                                                                                                        in canada... ...you are more likely to be killed by a moose than a terror plot. damn mooselisms.
                                                                       do you know the difference between mono and herpes? you get mono from snatching a kiss, but you get herpes from kissing a snatch.
                                                            this total stranger wanted to have a spontaneous tickle fight on the street and...oh...nope, never mind i'm being robbed. guys i'm being rob
                                                                        i carry a bar of soap in my pocket so when someone tries to talk to me i can pull it out and say someone is paging me and leave.
                                                                 me: my dog has gone missing dog pound: what colour is it? me: brown dog pound: sex? me [turns to wife]: has the dog lost his virginity?
                                                                                                                                         what's the three toughest years of a bass player? second grade.
                                                                                                                                               if she shovels shit at the local zoo, then she's a keeper
                                                        its a boy" i shouted "a boy, i don't believe it, its a boy". and with tears streaming down my face i swore i'd never visit another thai brothel!
                                                     i just seen someone update their status on facebook to "i wish every guy was like jack from the titanic." what... dead at  the bottom of the ocean?
                                                 chin nut what do you call nuts on a wall? a: a wallnut what do you call nuts on a chest? a: a chestnut what do you call nuts on your chin? a: a blowjob
                                                                                                 what instrument does god play? he plays the cello. as it says in scripture: "our god is a cellist god."
                                                                                                                                         i'm a practicing catholic but i'm not ready to go pro just yet.
                                                              sex is like cooking. your girlfriend will be angry at you because you ate your neighbour's even though she hasn't cooked for you in weeks.
                                                                                                                 why did the climate change denier oversleep? he wasn't worried about all that alarmism.
                                                               my gran just asked me "what's the name of that god-damn jew who keeps hiding stuff around my house!?" it's alzheimer, grandma. alzheimer.
                                                                                                                                                       why couldn't the bike stand up? it was too tired.
                                                   a girl melon... ...is in love with a boy melon. when her father finds out they want to get married he tells her "i'm sorry honey, but you cantaloupe"
                                                                                    i'm not convinced faith can move mountains, but i know what it can do to skyscrapers. (come on, it's been 15 years.)
                                            my wife just emailed me asking if we had any moving boxes i told her no... all of our boxes are still. that's why we purchased them from a stationary store.
                                                                                                                                                       what does 'b' in benoit b. mandelbrot stand for ?
                                                              i bought a pair of undies yesterday. on the front it says, "i will do anything for love" ..and on the back it says, "but i won't do that."
                                                                                                                knock knock who's there ! alvin ! alvin who ! alvin zis competition - just vait and see!
                                                                                                                                 why can't you hear a pterodactyl use a urinal? because the p is silent.
                                                                                                                                          someone stole my mood ring. i dont know how i feel about that.
                 black lumberjack what tool does a black lumberjack use? an ask. (explanation: because most black people say ax for ask, it is swapped around.) came up with it by myself, how did i do?
                                                                                                            did you hear about the irish monster who went  to night school to learn to read in the dark?
                                                                                                                            why didn't barbie ever get pregnant? because ken always came in another box.
                                                                                             a good way to get out of a conversation is to take off one of your socks and hand it to the person talking.
                                                                                                                                                  wanna hear something ironic? aliens abduct a fisherman
                                                                                                                          why can't the band def leppard make music anymore? they all lost their hearing
                                                                             why are there commentators for televised sports? we can figure out what's going on live, but can't while watching it on tv?
                                            when u r married when you are single you see happy couple every where, . but . when u r married . you see happy singles every where.........................
                                                                                                                                                                         an irishman walked out of a bar
                                                                                                                                           what do you call a camera mounted on a isis-truck? a daeshcam
                                                                                                                                                    what do you call a star-spangled pubic wig? a'merkin
                                                                                                       only in math problems can you buy 60 cantaloupes and nobody asks what the hell is wrong with you.
                                                                  my grandfather told me this one.. you need to try everything in life at least once except three things: incest, heroin and folk dance.
                                                                                                              i just thought of a gay pick up line... "would you be the puff daddy to my biggie smalls?"
                                                         i decided... i decided to make my password "incorrect" because if i type it in wrong, my computer will remind me, "your password is incorrect."
                                                                                                                                                                        anal lube? more like anal *noob*
                                                                                                                                                 my beef with you is that you're too chicken to pork me.
                                                                                                                                       i'd love to go out with you, but my favorite commercial is on tv.
                                                                                                          how many extroverts does it take to change a lightbulb? let's throw a party while we're at it.
                                                                                                                 boaz must've been one hell of a roaster before he got married. because he was ruthless.
                                                                                                                i recommend everyone to go swimming with piranhas. it's a once in a lifetime experience.
                                                                                                      i met a guy named richard... i said, "can i call you ritchie or are you gonna be a dick about it?"
                                                                                                                         why did the hipster burn his tongue? because he drank coffee before it was cool
                                                                                                                                           what do you call a fire at the internet  cafe? an e-mergency.
                                                                                              i like the lack of controversy over the olympic men's figure skating "no need to ask, we'll tell!" policy.
                                                                                                                                          what if there was a christian version of isis called chrisis?!
                                                           what do you get when you mix an insomniac a dyslexic and an agnostic? someone who stays up all night wondering whether or not there is a dog?
                                                                                                                                                         what's a ego maniac's favorite candy? air heads
                                                                                 my shower thoughts kept getting deeper and deeper and deeper... then i realized it was because i had the drain-plug in.
                                                                                                                            i'm not going to masturbate for the rest of the year three more hours to go.
                                                                                                                                    *slowly breaks up with you, word by word, during a game of scrabble.
                                                   i ran out of toothpaste recently so i've resorted to brushing with soap. it's pretty gross, but on the plus side i've really cut back on my swearing.
         my mom took my phone when i wasn't paying attention she said "honey have you been watching porn?" "n-no mom why would you say that?" i asked petrified. "because your search history is blank".
                                                                                           horrible crash "two pedestrians die in a horrible crash!" wow, they must've been walking pretty fucking fast.
                                                                                                     what does a silver medalist and a pedophile have in common? they both come in just a little behind.
                                                                                                                                                            what makes an isis joke funny? the execution
                                                                                                                                         how do you make a kleenex dance? you put a little boogie in it!
                                                                                          last night i ate 3 large spicy curry rolls while watching westworld. these violent delights have violent ends.
                                                                                                                                how was the roman empire cut in half? with a pair of caesars edit: fixed
                                                                                                                                              what do you call an epileptic in the garden? seizure salad
                                                                                                                                        yo mama is so fat that she is voting for sanders colonel sanders
                                                                                                                                         told a girl to text me when she got home. she must be homeless.
                                                                                                                                                                              bucket list: 1. don't die.
                                                                                                                              if nothing ever sticks to teflon how do they make teflon stick to the pan?
                                                                                                   how many flies does it take to screw in a light bulb? two. but, the trouble is getting them in there.
                                                                                                                 my toddler stole bacon off my plate. we all had a good laugh. then i made her move out.
                                                                                                                                     why don't anteaters get sick? because they're full of anty-bodies !
                                                                                                           i stayed up late last night to watch the greatest boxing match of all time ali vs. parkinsons
                                                                                                                                                                                         pepsi? pep*no*.
                                                                                                 lawyer: "what is your date of birth?" witness: "july 15th." lawyer: "what year?" witness: "every year."
                                                                                                 do people who own guns walk around the house with them and pretend they're black & decker power drills?
                                                                                                                       did you hear about the couple who got married in a gymnasium? it didn't work out.
                                                                                                                                                 did you hear about the pirate porno? all hands on dick!
                                                                   how can you tell the inventor of the toothbrush was from west virginia? if he was from anywhere else it would be called a teethbrush.
                                                                                    "well children" said the cannibal cooking teacher. "what did you make of the new english teacher?"  "burgers ma'am."
                                                                                                                                      here's a post office joke nevermind, you'll probably never get it.
                                                                                                                                                               a million dollar idea: diapers for birds.
                                                                                                                                    chuck norris has never lost his virginity. chuck norris never loses.
                                                                                                                                     a paraplegic went down a runway... she made for a great roll-model.
                                                                                                               i would go for a jog today, but it looks like all of these cupcakes expire today as well.
                                                                                                               i've just been diagnosed as colorblind.. i know, it certainly has come out of the purple.
                                                                                                                                                    what do you get from a frozen zombie? frost bite. ;d
                                                                                                                           where in eastern europe does justin timberlake like to kayaking? crimea river
                                                what do you call a potato that's high? [a baked potato.](http://www.spudstravels.com/travel%20archive/caribbean/jamaica_images/cannabis%20-%20close.jpg)
                                                                                                                       just like my refrigerator... i open reddit, just to be disappointed and close it.
                                                                                                                         how does a racist joke start? with a small million dollar loan from his father.
                                                                                                                                    /r/jokes/ wins friend of the planet award! for 95% recycled content.
                                                                                                                            smart golfers always wear two pairs of pants in case they get a hole in one.
                                                                                                                                                    where do robo-babies come from? from the computerus.
                                                                                          i heard they are remaking luke's starfighter group with 25% black pilots... they're calling it rogue quadroon.
                                                                                                                            there was a man who left a boombox on a mountain. the rocks were rocking on.
                                                             avengers assemble thor - "here" hulk - "here" iron man - "here" capt. america - "here" useless arrow guy - ... i said- hawkeye- i heard you
                                                                                                                     i'm only friends with people who are taller than me, just in case of thunderstorms.
                                                                                                                         donald trump says he'll be more presidential from now on no juan believes that!
                                                                                                                                     1. get tipsy. 2. go into a tanning bed. 3. pretend you're a panini.
                                  hey honey... ... you remember that really posh restaurant we ate at? 'sure... i guess so' ... what about that one time i undercooked the chicken? 'yes. every detail'.
                                                                                         the heist a man walks into the bank with a pistol. he aims the gun at his head and yells, "give me the money!".
                                                                                                                   i've come to realize my job, building glass work tops, is clearly counter productive.
                                                               wife: you're drunk me: no'm not wife: i'm just a poor boy nobody loves me me: he jursta pro broy fumma floor flamlee wife: me: ok lil bit
                                                            nature tip: if you're attacked by a cougar, tickle its belly. it will kill you but at least your last memory will be of petting a cuddly cat
                             a man was walking his dog through the graveyard when he saw another man crouching behind a gravestone. "morning!" he said. the other man replies, "no, just having a crap."
                                                                                                                             how do teachers teach safe sex in the south? put a hood on your klan member
                                                                                                  me and my girl on my birthday are like an organic compound with an aldehyde group always ends in -anal
                                                                                            hey, ancient egyptians! i'm eating popcorn that i cooked inside a bag in under a minute. fuck your pyramids.
                                                                                   a guy and his dog guy walks up to his dog and says "i need a divorce" the dog replies "yeah, my wife is a bitch too."
                                                                                                                                         zooey deschanel always looks like she's been shown a card trick
                                                                                                                   what do you call a five foot psychic that escapes from jail? a small medium at large.
                                                          what's the difference between a 12 year old grill and a 12 year old girl? the grill doesn't cry when you use it to satisfy your meaty desires.
                                                                              bin laden released an audio tape about the christmas underwear bomber. a month later. where has he been, living in a cave?
                                                 my favorite sex position is the jfk i splatter all over her while she screams and tries to get out of the car. edit: thanks for the gold kind stranger.
                                                                                                                                           i don't date chinese girls... that's a big red flag for me...
                                                                                                                                                 psychiatrist "tell me about your trust issues." me "no"
                                                                                                                  did you blow bubbles as a kid? he's in town with the circus and wants you to call him.
                                                                                  so i got into a fight with a midget the other day... he was stood next to my girlfriend and said her hair smells nice.
                                                                                                                    what did pinocchio say to his girlfriend sit on my face and i'll tell you some lies.
                                                                                        i didnt know what to wear to my first meeting of the premature ejaculation society.... ...so i came in my pants.
                                                                                                                                                   how does a snail win a race? it runs against hillary.
                                                                                                                                   roses are red, violets are blue.. no, wait.. fuck, now they're black.
                                                                                                                                        trying to grab a stall after lunch as a male. it's a crap shoot.
                                                                             where others used to bloat facial features or apply some filters to make someone look ugly. i could proudly boast #nofilter
                                                                                                   my parents told me i should start watching less television and read more so i turned the subtitles on
                                                                                                                        nsfw) name your james bond porno...go! from russia with glove:no glove = no love
     a blonde, redhead, and brunette were looking at a dictionary for the hardest words they knew. the brunette's word was quizzical. the redhead's word was photosynthesis. the blonde's word was dick.
                                                                                                                   yo mama's so fat her nose can't even run came up with this myself and was quite proud
                                                                    watching my kids play the xbox kinect and it's taking me back to when i was a kid and we had this great game called playing outside.
                                                                                                        i once dated a girl so my pet rock wouldn't be embarrassed after he threw himself at her window.
                                                                                      unless you have stellar reflexes, throwing a bouncy ball at your spouse during an argument is not the best choice.
                                                                       2019: tumblr blinks offline, satisfied, having completed its mission of collecting all existing tv and film footage as gif files.
                                                                                    i don't know why they don't let priests marry and have kids seems like a great way to guarantee they don't have sex.
                                                                                    me: i'm worthless. dad: remember, son: you owe eighty thousand dollars in student loans. you're less than worthless.
                                                                                                                                one goldfish to his tankmate: "if there's no god who changes the water?"
                                                                                                                                     do you ever have to fart but end up shitting in your sisters mouth?
                                                                                                                                          pickle bread how do you make pickle bread? you use dill dough.
                                                                                                                           i used to work in a shoe-recycling shop. it was sole-destroying. - alex horne
     if you're riding a horse at full speed along side a giraffe and a lion is chasing you, what do you do? get your drunk ass off the merry-go-round. props to the radio station i heard this on today.
                                                                                                        what do iraqi men do that gets them laid on the first date? they give their women awesome dinar.
                                                                                                   the arrogance of authority a dea officer stopped at a ranch in texas , and talked with an old rancher
                                                                              if anyone needs me, i'll be spending the rest of my life under this bathroom light that gives my abs a hint of definition.
                                                                         my brother ran into my room just now and said "someone dumped exactly seven used condoms on my bed!" i said: "huh, that's odd."
                                                              nobody gets treated worse than a mcdonald's worker who gets an order wrong. "um this was supposed to be a large fry! unfuckingbelievable!"
                                            did you hear about the guy who ran over himself? he asked a kid to go across the street to get a pack of smokes, the kid said "no!", so he ran over himself.
                                                                                                                            breaking news! energizer bunny arrested ...charged with battery. *drops mic*
                                                                                              do you know the difference between 5 minutes of blowjob and 5 minutes of sodomy ? do you have 10 minutes ?
                                                                                                                    if only steve irwin wore sun screen. he could have been protected from harmful rays.
                                                                                          if the sign says "don't feed the fishes" then what can you feed fishes anyway? nothing. weren't you listening?
                                                    what's the saddest thing in the world... dick, his family are nuts, his neighbor is an asshole, his best friend is a pussy, and his master beats him
                                                                                    my grandad spent most of the war on the lookout out for german bombers. he was a lifeguard at berlin swimming baths.
                                                                                                                                  why don't witches wear underwear? to get a better grip on their broom.
                                                                          bareknuckle boxing is a little less manly... ...when you refer to it as "topless fisting". -&amp;y (again, tis written by me!)
                                                                                                                                     how do reavers clean their spears? they send them through the wash.
                                                                        i feel like i'm not getting the full experience of a gas station bathroom if i don't cut and dye my hair and change my identity.
                                                                                 remember: life isn't about having amazing experiences, it's about making mediocre experiences look awesome on facebook.
                                                                                                                                             i like my women like i like my coffee with my dick in them.
                                                                                                                                                              what is cthulu's favorite pizza? deep dish
                                                            for job interviews, your best bet is to dress as a pizza delivery person, march in and say "who ordered diligence and attention to detail!?"
                                                                                                                          i hardly know you... but, facebook says it's your birthday, so happy birthday!
                                                                                                                        what did the right eye said to the left? between me and you, "something smells".
                                                                                                      what's the difference between a sandwich and a germanwings plane? when the sandwich drops i'm sad.
                                                                                                                              what do you call a man with no arms or legs who likes to go swimming? bob.
                                                                                                                     knock knock who's there ! albert ! albert who ! albert you don't know who this is !
                                                                                               woman sends emotional text that's 5 paragraphs long. man responds with "k." woman spontaneously combusts.
                                                                                                             why won't the holocaust survivor vote for bernie sanders? he doesn't want to feel the bern.
                                                                                                                          did you hear that aids isn't spread by a virus? yeah! it's spread by a fungi!!
                                                                                                                                          did you hear the joke about the pizza? nevermind, it's cheesy.
                                                                                                             the kkk was a conservationist group. they just wanted to put the monkeys back in the trees.
                                                                                                                                              how do you kill a byzantine? you push him into an ottoman.
                                                                                                                                                                       oedipus? i hate that motherfucker
                                                                                                                   "i'm sorry" and "i apologize" mean the same thing... except when you're at a funeral.
                                                                                                      i saw a fight between two mobius strips it was a little one sided (one of them had a klein bottle)
                                                                                                                                            why do most men die before their wives? because they want to
                                                               guy in usa:(phone) you ready? guy in australia: (phone) hell yeah both:123 *each drop a piece of bread onto ground* both: earth sandwich!
                                                                                                                                                   i want to to to tell you a pun. that's two to too to.
                                                                                 if they took all the money spent on making godzilla movies, they could've probably just made an actual godzilla by now.
                                                                                                                                                                how does a jew make coffee? he brews it.
                                                                                                  i hate when someone wants to have sex with me for superficial reasons before they even know how funny.
                                                                                                      what is happiess... happiness is having a large, loving, caring, close-knit family in another city
                                                                    people only want to do drugs named after women: mary jane, molly, lucy (in the sky with diamonds). no one wants to snort some craig.
                                                                                                                                                                                              what a lie
                                                                                                        how does the redneck's wife know that her daughter is pregnant? her son's dick tastes like shit.
                                                                                                              "you miss 100% of the shots you don't take" is terrible advice for a recovering alcoholic.
                                                                                                         sending a second cup of coffee down to check on the first one to see why it's not doing its job
                                                                             drink this wine, it's the blood of christ.eat this bread, it's the body of christ.jesus pulls out hotdog, "now hear me out"
                                                                                         you know, once i entered a pun contest, i gave in 10 puns hoping one would win unfortunately, no pun in ten did
                                                                                    i sent off half a score of jokes into a competition to increase my chances to win.. unfortunately no pun in ten did.
                                                                                                                                                   don't go to zombie nightclubs... they're always dead.
                                                                                      the bra joke a bra walks into a bar and asks for a beer. the barman says "i can't serve you, you're off your tits"
                                                                                                                                            what do you call a cow with its front legs missing lean beef
                                                                                                                         did you know that chuck norris's tears can cure cancer? too bad he never cries.
                                                                        i have a thing for older men. not cuz i have 'daddy issues', but because i also like to eat dinner at 4:30 and be asleep by 8pm.
                                                        in every soap opera we've ever watched, we are taught that running away and leaving doesn't solve our problems didn't stop the brits from trying
                                                                                                                                                       [looks up at arresting officer] are you mad at me
                                                                                                                        black history month bake sale vanilla cupcakes: $1 colored cupcakes: 3/5th of $1
                                                        movember i've decided to buck the trend of movember this year by not growing a moustache. i'm calling it no-movember.... or for short, november.
                                                                            my first middle-school football game was just like the time i lost my virginity. bloody and dirty, but at least my dad came.
                                                                       now that 1 in every 3 people cheats in their relationships,i'm left wondering. . .is it my wife or my girlfriend that's cheating?
                                                                                                               when someone near me yawns i can't help but match the yawn with a visually similar scream
                                                             me: can u send me those documents? coworker: yes, but u can actually get them by-- me: nope, don't try teaching me to fish. not interested.
                                                                                                              i was recently in court with a necrophiliac as a judge... everyone got the death sentence.
                                                                                                                                        books keep falling on my head.... i've only got myshelf to blame
                                                                                                                                                         *paints car camouflage* *stops making payments*
                                                                                                          i can help anyone quit smoking by spraying them with hair spray as they light their cigarette.
                                                                                                                 me: "whoa. put a combo on that meat locker." him: "huh?" me: "your fly is down, idiot."
                                                                                     she said, "i want twelve inches and i want it to hurt!" so i screwed her twice and hit her in the head with a brick
                                                                                                                               a man comes into a bar... wait, it was a horse. a man comes into a horse.
                                                                                               how are michael jackson and mcdonalds similar? they both put 40 year old meat in between 8 year old buns.
                                                                    i keep hoping one day i'll be stuck on a 6-hour flight next to flavor flav just so i can ask him what time it is every five minutes.
                                                                                                                                             what do they call redditting on the toilet? snoo on the loo
                                                                                                                                            how is the elevator business? oh, it has its up and downs...
                                                                                                       q: what did the big firecracker say to the little firecracker? a: my pop is bigger than your pop.
                                                                                                                                     what's the cheapest kind of meat? deer balls, they're under a buck!
                                                                                                                                    what do the welsh call safe sex? spray painting the sheep that bite.
                                                                               usa: "hey, canada, can you hold this for a second?" canada: "ok." *usa hands detroit to canada* *usa quickly walks away.*
                                                                                                                                       why couldn't bill gates get any girls? his hardware was microsoft
                                                            well son, your mom was the prettiest lady at that entire gathering of the juggalos, and i would've traded three wallet chains to be with her
                                                               chuck norris never goes to the dentist because his teeth are unbreakable. his enemies never go to the dentist because they have no teeth.
                                                                                                       the worst part about spring... getting sued by the fine brothers for having an allergic reaction.
                                                                                 when your girlfriend is pms'ing, cheer her up by showing her that "totally weird" text you got from your ex last night.
                                                             me: are these your kids? boss: "yep" they're gorgeous! "thanks" step kids? "nope" adopted? "no.." .. ".." she's cheating on you.. "get out"
                                                                                                               a man died today when a pile of books fell on him.!!! he only had his shelf to blame.,,,,
                                                                                                                         a zombie ate ram's brains... he didn't mind it at all... silly but original. :p
                                                                                                                        i'm always frank with my sexual partners. don't want them knowing my real name!!
                                                                                                                                         why is ireland so rich? because their capital is always dublin.
                                                                                                                                      never have sex after getting a concussion. it's fucking confusing.
                                                                                                   i used to date a girl with a lazy eye... but i dumped her because she kept seeing people on the side.
                                                                                                                                   i wish i hadn't bought so much encyclopedia britannica stock in 1999.
                                                                                                i don't get * why my son is so disappointed this christmas * he didn't get any presents last year either
                                                                                                                                                     (nsfw) how much cum does a gay guy have? a buttload
                                                                                                                               why do fish always have c-sections? because they can't have land sections
                                                                                                                you never realize how boring life is until someone asks you what you like to do for fun.
      a man exclaims to his wife, "i can see 6 years into the future..." "thanks to my 2020 vision!" his wife replies, "how long have you been waiting to use that joke?" he happily says, "since 2009!"
                                                                                                                                                     what do you call a sleeping dinosaur? a dino-snore.
                                                                         a new study found that legalizing marijuana in colorado has created more than 10,000 jobs...by keeping taco bell open 24 hours.
                              a man goes to a doctor. the doctor examines him and finds out he has five penises. the doctor says, "that's amazing! how do your pants fit?" the man says, "like a glove."
                                                                                                                                     the indian baking festival was kind of a bust. it was a naan event.
                                                                                 undertaker: "what do you want your husbands gravestone to say?" wife: "nothing. i want a traditional, non-talking one."
                                                                                                                                                              dr. seuss would have crushed it on 8 mile.
                                                                                                                                              aliurophile jokes i hope u enjoy also submit yours to this
                                                                                                                              my wife has a memory like an elephant i just wish she didn't look like one
                                                                           if i have a rooster and you have a donkey and your donkey eats my roosters feet, what do i get? two feet of cock up your ass.
                                                                                                               have you heard the story about the suicide bomber? i haven't but i heard it is blowing up
                                                                                                                                    q: what does clinton do to lose weight? a: runs away from the draft.
                                                                                                                                if i was a vampire, pretty sure i'd find a way to cover blood in cheese.
                                                                                                                                                             why was the dog shaking? he had barkinson's
                                                                                                                     why are rich people so concerned with etiquette? because they have a lot of manors.
                                                                                                                                   what do you call a guy who falls into a yellowstone hot spring? stew.
                                                                                                         why was the professional so impressed with the farmer? because he was outstanding in his field!
                                                                                                                                                                                            athene kappa
                                                                                                                                       i decided to sell my hoover... well, it was just collecting dust.
                                                                                           give me a compliment? wife: "i look fat. can you give me a compliment?" husband: "you have perfect eyesight."
                                                                                  "the tension between uranus... and pluto hat has been there since june of 2012 will finally ease up", astrologist say.
                                                                                                                              i'm sticking to my guns. i really should have washed my hands after i ate.
                                                                                                                                         women's rights. want to laf again? **womyns rites!!!** el oh el
                                                           i bring my epipen everywhere it's my greatest treasure. i think my friend really wanted me to have it. he gave it to me right before he died.
                                                                                                                     having identical twins is great because if you misplace one you have a second copy.
                                                                                                             matthew 28, john 20. luke 24, mark 21. that means matthew and luke will meet in the finals.
                                                              on april 16, 2017, a small french city will detach from the surface of the earth and fly into space, killing everyone. it's just toulouse.
                                                                                                                               why do dogs wag their tails ? "because no one else will do it for them !"
                                                                                                     how to have sex how do you get a gay man to have sex with a female? you fill her cunt up with shit.
                                                                           spice up your otherwise trite wedding by making the groomsmen act as pallbearers and carry the groom to the altar in a casket
                                                                                                                 i hate when i show up to a funeral and another guy is wearing the same hot dog costume.
                                                                                                                                         what do you get when you put an egg in the ground? an eggplant.
                                                              why are people so surprised that joe biden acts like such a poonhound? it's in his job description. after all, he *is* the vice president.
                                                                                    police in yorkshire have discovered a new method of taking ecstasy, where users dab it into their mouths... e by gum
                                                    did you guys hear about that guy who died? he was famous for giving sheep haircuts. did that for over 25 years. they say he died from shear boredom.
                                                                                                                                                marriage is for men who miss staying with their parents.
                                                                                                       choose a job you love and you will never work a day in your life because that field isn't hiring.
                                                                                              a drug dealer sold me shoes today i don't know what he laced them with because i've been tripping all day.
                                                                                                         i just went to the air &amp; space museum. boy do i feel ripped off. it was just an empty room.
                                                                                                                                                           terrorists in hawaii be like.. ..aloha akbar.
                                                     nice spread you know where there are certain things you're not supposed to eat buy you cant help yourself? that's why i can never be a gynecologist
                                                                                                                                                          how often do elements masturbate? periodically
                                                             [tells friend cat passed away] is there anything i can do? yes [holds up fur coat] put this on & lie in my lap but i- [starts crying] ok ok
                                                                                                                                               if there are 2 things i hate they're... incomplete lists.
                       why'd god make women pretty but dumb? they're pretty, so men will like them. they're dumb, so they will like men. courtesy of the great movie ip man 3 which i watched yesterday.
                   almost instant joy find any fast song (rap to electro) click settings, crank up the speed 1.25: 1.5: instant twerk music 2: the 2 is for 2fast6you only on computers. rip phone users
                                                                           i'm gonna make a proctologist training video based on the shawshank redemption the main characters name will be andy dufranus
                                                                                                                                    q: why couldn't tommy ride a bicycle? a: because he was a gold fish.
                                                            [pet store] cop: someone's been stealing puppies owner: omg now i'm missing another one me: who would do such a thing *shirt starts barking*
                                                                                                    a guy called out over the radio that someone spilled chips at work... turns out they were flooritos.
                                                                                                                                        what the japanese version of mission impossible? miso impossible
                                                                                                                                           my dad held me like he holds his beer by the neck and all day
                                      a boy with an elephant on his head went to see a doctor. the doctor said "you know you really need help" "yes i do" said the elephant "get this kid off my foot !"
                                                               how many budists does it take... how many budists does it take to change a lightbulb? none. the change, if needed, will come from within.
                                                                                             in germany there are lots of jokes about the polish, so... what did piotr get for christmas? ... your ipod!
                                                                                                                                    so, why were they called the dark ages? there were too many knights.
                                                    how do you drown a polar bear? cut a hole in the ice. put a line of peas around the hole. when the polar bear takes a pea, kick him in the ice hole.
                                                                                                                        you hear about the blind guy on wheel of fortune? he asked if he could buy an i.
                                                                                                                                    what did adam say on the day before christmas ? it's christmas eve !
                                                                                                                      working at a land rover factory is so interesting i make a new discovery every day
                                                                                                                 what do you call a three-humped camel? pregnant (told to me by one of the kids at work)
                                                                                                                                  why can't women be botanists? because they'll break the glass ceiling.
                                                              remember don't judge, you never know what another person is going through unless they're constantly oversharing on facebook, then go ahead
                                                           the other day i got pulled over, and when the cop walked up i pulled out my 9mm once he stopped laughing he wrote me up for indecent exposure
                                                                                                              a prostitute offered me holy water the other day... still not sure what hole it came from.
                                                                                                                                                                  i eat my hot dogs cold no bun intended
                                                                                                              doctor: "we got your test results back. i'm so sorry--it's curiosity." cat: "oh my god..."
                                                            *calls mom* "ma i made 3 friends on twitter today" *long pause* "mom?" *mom stares at 3 fake twitter accounts she made, fights tears* "mom?"
                                                                                                      you guys was right about donald trump harming the environment he's already making snowflakes melt!
                                                                                                                                                            what's a great thing to do in fresno? leave.
                                                                                                                                                            how do you make a flea circus? from scratch.
                                                                                                                       why do jews get their penises circumcised? because women like their dicks 20% off
                                                                                        their are only two things i hate about this world those who can't respect other people's cultures and the danish
                                                                                                          i like my women like i like my chinese chemical storage facilities ready to blow at any minute
                                                                     i wonder whether there are bars for lesbians at clown colleges and, if not, just what those students would do for a clown dyke bar.
                                                                                                                               trying to improve my street cred by lowering our minivan a couple inches.
                                                                              genie: sure about this? me: c'mon do it genie: it's your last wis- me: i wanna be rich genie: alakazam! hi rich, i'm genie
                                                                                                                            i wanted to thank you personally for the like. that's why i'm in your house.
                                                                                                                                                                    dear coffee, i want you inside of me
                                                                                                                                                    success is like a clitoris. i can't seem to find it.
                                                                                                                                                   a termite walks into a bar... is the bar tender here?
                                                                                                                                                           6:30 is the best time on a clock, hands down.
                                                                growing up on disney movies has left me so disillusioned about small woodland creatures and their willingness to help me with my chores.
                                                                                    i purposely park three feet away from the drive thru window so mcdonalds employees can get in their daily stretches.
                                                                                                    do you have any naked pictures of your girlfriend on your phone??? no?? want me to send some to you?
                                                              "i was going home with someone new every night. i didn't even know their names, and you know what? i didn't care." - class hamster memoir.
                                                                                a short poem for y'all... "*roses are black* *violets are black* *everything's black* *even i am black*" - stevie wonder
                                                                                                        what do you call a midget, that escaped prison, that is also a psychic? a small medium at large.
                                                                                                             what did one labium say to the other labium? we were tight until that dick came between us.
                                                                         why did erdogan stop a man from jumping off a bridge? one does not simply fly in turkish airspace without erdogan's permission.
                                                                                            when a girl cancels a date, it's because she has to, but when a guy cancels a date, it's because he has two.
                                                                                                                 no thanks, marriage. if i wanted to stop getting laid i would just start wearing crocs.
                                                                                                      what do you get when you divide the circumference of a jack o' lantern by its diameter? pumpkin pi
                                                                                                                                                     what do you call explosive cow vomit? a cud missle!
                                                                                            whenever i see an elderly person who looks lost and confused, i stop and take a moment to feed 'em a peanut.
                                                                      sorry to all the people my 3yo has yelled at for eating ice cream in a car. telling him it was illegal was wrong. i know this now.
                                                                                         i don't like holocaust jokes... i do nazi why they're funny, anne frankly they're quite offensive. edit: a word
                                                                                                                                                           why was the pig in the kitchen? it was bacon.
                                                                                                                                        what do you call a skeleton who just had anesthesia? a numbskull
                                                                                                            what do you get when you have a midget fortune teller on the loose? a small medium at large.
                                                                                                                             blackjack jack be nimble jack be quick cuz jack just stole that candlestick
                                                                                             thanks autocorrect...clearly "i am fantasy" is a better answer than "fantastic" when asked how i'm doing...
                                                                                                                                      i thought air was free until i bought a bag of lay's potato chips!
                                                                                                               "holy shit, that guy eats a lot of pizza" -people that walk by my house on recycling day.
                                                                                                  hope no vids surface of the time i opened a bag of potato chips and one flew out and hit me in the eye
                                                                                                                               i used to be addicted to the hokey-pokey... until i turned myself around!
                                               the most dangerous place on the planet! those bastards!!! it's a [death trap](http://www.savagemill.com/wp-content/uploads/storefront_handsoftime.jpg)...
                                                                                             it's easy to be with my family because we have so much in common. like, we all love to look at our phones!!
                                                                                                    nothing like listening to old school rap on the way to the office to make you want to smack a bitch.
                                                                                      so i bought shoes from a drug dealer today... i don't know what he laced them with but i've been tripping all day!
                                                                                                                        i love my women like i love my ikea furniture, cheap and missing a couple screws
                                                                   women can split open our bodies & chuck living human beings out of our midsections so how about you go ahead & pay us as much as men.
                                                                                                                               life's like a box of chocolates it doesn't last very long for fat people.
                                                                                                                                        how do you start a rave in ethiopia? staple food to the ceiling.
                                                                                                                                                      what do you call a car without a hood? circumcised
                                                                                                                                                     what do you call a big pile of kittens? a meowntain
                                                                                                                               a north korean gymnast walks into a bar his family is summarily executed.
                                                                                                it's rude to ask someone to courtesy flush, so i always offer them an ass mint instead. i'm a gentleman.
                                   my friend's son wanted to be a "super-pirate" for his birthday... but after running against the door he discovered that even a "super-pirate" only needs one eyepatch
                                                                                                             i saw a construction sign today that said, "road rehab". it must've been addicted to crack.
                                                                                                                            it's wisest to pick the side of the person who knows the most shit about you
                                                                                                          i just want to give a shoutout to the ancients for inventing the calendar. it has made my day.
               what do the jingle bell rock and an irritating girl with a cold commenting on a youtube video have in common? a one horse sleigh and one *hoarse* "slaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay" (omg yaaaaaasssss)
           a crowd of theater fanatics walk into a bar. they go to the bartender and say, "one round please." "a round of what?" the bartender asks. "a round of *applause*!" they all scream in unison.
                                                                                                                           wrong number calls are annoying but not nearly as much as right number calls.
                                                                                         [stop light] it will turn green in 5 4 3 2 1.. and now it will turn greeeeeeeen *turns green* ah yes nailed it.
                                                                                                                                              what do you call a friendly mancunian midwife? ultra sound
                                                                                                                                             you don't get what you wish for, you get what you work for.
                                                                                                      how i dress for university first day of the week: brad pitt last day of the week: homeless druggie
                                                                                                                             yo mammas so fat when she fell in the grand canyon she got stuck in between
                                                                                                                                                    never underestimate the power of the web. -charlotte
                                                                                                                 nothing makes me happier to be single than meeting a couple who share an email address.
                                                                                                    q: why did the bald man draw rabbits on his head? a: because from a distance they looked like hares.
                                                                                                     i've clicked on every shady ad that i've seen for the past 12 years. my penis is now 648 feet long.
                                                                      the eu has said that more needs to be done to help the syrian refugees, especially the children. may i recommend swimming lessons?
                                                                                                              what do you do if you lose all the information on your computer? ask the nsa for a backup.
                                                                                                                                                            a day without sunshine is like, well, night.
                                                                             wow, the last couple of elections have been great! we had a white president, then a black president, and now an orange one.
                                                                                                                                                              for all the downvoters go fuck your mother
                                                                                                                                                                   how does a cat tell time?? in meowers
                                                                                                                                                   if you hold your pee.. then your hands would get wet.
                                                               waiter: may i take your order? yes, roll over and play dead! waiter: it's not that kind of order. oh. sorry. i'll have the cheese sticks.
                                                                                                                                               did you hear about the blackout? don't worry, i shot him.
                                                             suddenly she was on her back, clothes strewn everywhere and her wrists bound to her ankles. she always had trouble hanging out the washing.
                                                                                                       what comes after 69? mouthwash. i'm sure this has been posted before, but i thought it was funny.
                                                              i welcome new employees by leaving a candy bar on their desk. then i drop by later and yell, "yo, who ate my candy? you're my bitch now!".
                                                                                 a drunk sits down in the taxi... taxi driver: "where to?" "home" "ehh... could you be more specific?" "the living room"
                                                                                                                                                     "here's what i would do..." - me, giving bad advice
                                                                                                         what a weekend...trying to get the courage to look at my credit card statement from last night.
                                             so boxing day, its a magical time of year, when companies send you amazing emails with pictures of all the stuff you just brought from them, at half price.
                                                                                                        coming up to the anniversary of 9/11  a reminder, that jokes about this tragedy are plane wrong.
                                                                                                                          i thought i'd surprise my girlfriend and re-wire the toaster. she was shocked.
                                                                                                                                               why you shouldn't ask napoleon for money he's a bit short
                                                                                                                                                    5 minutes & no likes'? well then... *deletes status*
                                                                                                                                               when chuck norris does division, there are no remainders.
                                                                                                                                        bernie sanders won another state last night! the state of denial
                                                                          i tricked my construction coworker at lunch by putting chunks of concrete in his sandwich. he shit a brick after he found out.
                                                                                                                    if you got on a bus with a bunch of gay guys would you stay on or would you get off?
                                                                                                                                                i love being alive but my favorite thing to do is sleep.
                                    how dave grohl spent his night in his hotel room after the concert in gothenburg, sweden? he watched movie cast away (starring tom hanks) and ate some potato chips.
                                                                                                                                            i think this sub is dying there hasn't been a post all year!
                                                                                                                                                            newsflash, new zealand! you're not that new!
                                                                             it must be confusing working at a mint when a power outage happens. because when it happens, everything stops making cents.
                                                                                                                                                                                   eye no howe too spiel
                                                                                                                                                            i hate gay people they are a pain in my ass.
                                                                                                                                                   tifu by ordering the wrong sandwich whoops, wrong sub
                                                                                                                                                        how do bank robbers send messages? by flee mail!
                                                                                              the guy who played wolverine had a pet sea cow and it was stolen... it was a crime against hugh's manatee!
                                                                                                       my father was a nun whenever the judge asked him for his occupation he would always answer "nun".
                                                                                                                                   q: why did the gorilla fall out of the tree ? a: because it was dead.
                                                                                                                    did you hear about the italian documentary on suppositories? it's called innuendo...
                                                                                                                                                               what's bigfoot's favorite food? sasquash!
                                                                                                   i'm writing a song about getting my front door lock replaced. there's a lovely key change at the end.
                                                                                                           what do witches eat at halloween ? spooketti halloweenies devils food cake and booberry pie !
                                                                           what's the difference between a turkey sandwich and a ham sandwich? a turkey sandwich doesn't recognize the armenian genocide
                                                                    i'm surprised they didn't make an all-female ghost busters sooner... busting ghosts at three quarters on the dollar? what a savings!
                                                                          on the topic of jokes we made up when we were younger, here's mine: "how much does canada cost?" nothing. it's a free country.
                                                                transform chocolate into a balanced meal by eating it standing on one leg without falling over. chocolate yoga: it's the next big thing.
                                                chuck norris can hit you so hard that he can actually alter your dna. decades from now your descendants will occasionally clutch their heads and scream.
                                                                                                                                     there is a chair... and it is walking, down the street, with shoes.
                                                                                                                                                         knock knock . . . . . . . . . . . . . . come in
                                                                                                        there are only 10 types of people in the world: those who understand binary, and those who don't
                                                                                                                                           knock, knock. who's there? interrupting cow. interup.....moo!
                                                                                             what's the hardest part about wearing crocs in college? swimming through the ocean of pussy to get to class
                                                                                                                                                               how is cat food sold ? usually purr can !
                                                                                                   two men walk into a bar... one of them gets a concussion and the other gets a bruise on his forehead.
                                                                                   how many moths does it take to screw in a lightbulb? just two, but more can join in if there's room in the lightbulb.
                                                                                                                                                 what do you call a group of eight cowards? octopussies.
                                                                                                           what's sad about three black guys driving over a cliff in a cadillac? they were my friends :(
                                                                                                    "gotta wake up early" *sets alarm for 5am* *wakes up at 4:55am to cancel alarm* *goes back to sleep*
                                                                                i have eaten so much of the white bean and kale soup we made this weekend that the epa just imposed sanctions on my butt
                                                                                                                                                      what kind of parasites do gangstas get? thug lice.
                                                                                                   why did the hospital put all of their gynecologists on salary? because the ova time was killing them.
                                                                       why do you always invite at least two mormons to go out fishing with you? if you invite only one, you'll have to share your beer.
                                                                                                                  it's hard to say what my wife does for a living she sells sea shells by the sea shore.
                                                                                                                                          it's so hot, i just saw a bird blow on a worm before it ate it
                                                                                                       recent studies have shown that 67% of women have used vibrators the other 33% have brand new ones
                                                                                                               "this went straight to my junk mail for some reason" = "i'm lying to you for some reason"
                                            an albino guy walks into a tattoo parlor... ...the tattooist looks him over, and asks "so... what do you want?" the albino guy replies, "beige. everywhere."
                                                                                                                              why did c++ look down at c? it thought c lacked class. i'll see myself out
                                                                                                                                 why arent there any socialist entrepreneurs? seriously i dont know.....
                                                                                                                                             not everyone that comes into your life needs to stay there.
                                                                                           i'm currently dating a woman that, like me, has parkinson's and kleptomania. we're going to take things slow.
                                                                                      i locked my keys in my car outside an abortion clinic they get really angry if you go in and ask for a coat hanger
                                                                                                                                            america where we celebrate memorial day with mattress sales.
                                                                                                                                              where do bears store their military weapons? in bearracks.
                                                                  glad my car insurance company requires a 10 character password to log-in. wouldn't want someone to hack in and...pay my insurance bill
                                                                                                       i found a new passion yesterday pairing socks. i guess i just enjoy bringing sole mates together.
                                                                                                                                     why did the emo swallow an alarm clock? so he could wake up inside.
                                                            the worst part about being introduced to new people is the panic moment where i think "pay attention! pay attention!!!" and miss their name.
                                                                                                        what's the difference between a necrophiliac and someone with a granny fetish? a couple of weeks
                                                                my son asked what it was like to be a parent so i begged him to make me chicken nuggets and then held on to his leg so he couldn't move.
                                                                                                                  what did the seamen say to each other when they entered a deep dark cave? smells fishy
                                                                                                                                                               a gorilla walks into a bar holy shit run!
                                                                                                                               how do girls know when they are adults? when they start to like spankings
                                                             any time someone says "have you seen that youtube video?" i always say yes......... because otherwise they make you watch it on their phone
                                                                                                              protip: make sure heated seats are off before putting your purse on them...lipstick melts.
                                                                                                                          pedophiles should be careful around farms farmers are known for burying seeds.
                                                                 if ever you feel unlucky you are. the world is 4.6 billion years old and you somehow managed to exist at the same time as donald trump.
                                                                                                                              what do you call an incredibly well-dressed punk? the speaker of the house
                                                                                                                   i have diarrhea and constipation at the same time... basically, i cant shit... a lot!
                                                                                                                                                what kind of noodles do they eat in the hood? spaghetto.
                                                                                                                                                                     in dog beers, i've only had one ...
                                                                                                                                                                    nice try speed bumps, it's a rental.
                                                                                                            why was the kamikaze pilot so depressed? he felt his life was heading for a downward spiral.
                                                                                                                                 did you hear about the fighting dwarf? he's funny. a real knee-slapper.
                                                            if i learned anything from aladdin it was that if u just keep lying to a girl eventually u will get to marry her and live at her dad's house
                                               why are portraits of george washington displayed in british bathrooms? because nothing makes the british shit quicker than the sight of george washington
                                                                                                                                      whats white blue and rectangular? a fridge with a denim jacket on.
                                            what is the purpose of the bumps around a womens nipple? it's braille for blind babies... -=women=- it spells out ...."suck here" -=men=- " i am the daddy "
                                                                                                                                     i just can't stand it when people make jokes about crippled people.
                                                                                                                                       [stubs toe] "god dammit" god: no problem, bro. [toe goes to hell]
                                                                                                                                                              i've got a joke. the u.s. election system.
                                                                                                                                                           i like my hippies like i like my karma. high.
                                                                                            how does a woman know she's sleeping with a forklift driver? he beeps twice before coming through the flaps.
                                                                                                                     why did batman rush to the bat cave? he had to go to the bat room. [an old classic]
                                                                                                                               alcohol and calculus don't go together very well. don't drink and derive.
                                                                                        shoutout to all the girls that can't update their status because they told some guy they tired...& going to bed.
                                                                                                                                                   a farmer planted a crop of puns they were home groan.
                                                                                                                people tell me filling animals with helium is bad.. but i say whatever floats your goat.
                                                                                                                 the faa is reviewing the new boeing dreamliner... it might get thrown under the airbus.
                                                                                                                                                   i know pluto isn't a planet you moron. pluto's a dog.
                                                                                                                              what have 12 legs six eyes three tails and  can't see ? three blind mice !
                                                                                                                         life tip: if you're curious if you've gotten fat, have a kid draw your picture.
                                                                   when in doubt, ignore an unknown number on your mobile, never hit reply all, and always wear clothes when you step out of your house.
                                                                                                   why did the rabbit have trouble hopping? because he always kept one foot in his pocket for good luck!
                                                                  what do you call balls on the wall? walnuts. what do you call balls on a chest? chestnuts. what do you call balls on a chin? my throne
                                                                                                                             i've added paul walker on xbox live but he's always stuck on the dashboard.
                                                                                                                           "you don't have to press the buttons harder to go faster" said no gamer ever.
                                                                                                      [arguing with my wife] well at least i don't bring up things from the past like you did last month
                                                                                                                                                                           what rhymes with freedom? oil
                                                                                                                                             there was a four-car reck in mexico today... 93 people died
                                                                                                         my girlfriend wants to be in a long distance relationship, according to this restraining order.
                                                                                                                               a guy walks into a bar... *clang!*... he says "ouch" and ducks next time.
                                                                    i'd rather be with a man who blows his load too soon rather than starts singing too soon in a song. how embarrassing for both of us.
                                             my girlfriend caught me masturbating to porn on my phone... she looked at me seductively and asked if she could help. i said sure, could you hold my phone?
                                                                                                                                               how many potatoes does it take to kill an irishman? none!
                                                                                                                                            if pingu started a metal band... it would be called slipnoot
                                                                                                                                                do they make those harmonica holders but for sandwiches?
                                                                                                          why do scuba divers fall backwards because if they fall forward they fall in the boat dumbass.
                                                                                                                                                how did the jew get a free cab ride? he blew the shofar.
                                                                                                                           tifu by crying at a funeral -- about my favorite team losing. sorry wrong sob
                                                                                                                         who was the world's first carpenter? eve, because she made adam's banana stand.
                                                                                                                                a seal walks into a club and soon after an inuit family has a nice meal.
                                                                                                                                                              what do you call a blind german? a not-see
                                                                                                     i dig, you dig, we dig, she dig, he dig, they dig....it's not a beautiful poem, but it's very deep.
                                                                                                                                       daddy, is santa coming tonight? no sweetie, mommy has a headache.
                                                                                                                                                it turns out i'm awesome at sex i come first every time!
                                                        i opened the door last night to carol singers &amp; said "do you know silent night?" "yes" they replied "well piss off then because i want one!"
                                                                                                                               what's a slice of cheese's secret fetish? mature. i'll pack up and leave.
                                                                                                             i got a hundred dollar bill tattooed on my dick so my wife can blow all the money she wants
                                                                                                          i heard apple is designing a new automatic car. but they're having trouble installing windows.
                                                                                                                            sometimes i find it hard to express myself because fedex hears me breathing.
                                                                                                      a really sad man committed suicide by crushing himself with a vending machine he was soda pressed.
                                                                                                                                       how did the geometry teach kill himself? he used a hypote-"noose"
                                                                                            did you hear the latest about donald sterling? he wouldn't get in his limo. he said that it was "too black."
                                                                                                 what do you get when you cross a hot dog with a walrus me fukin ur mom haha bet u didnt see that coming
                                             walking condoms two condoms are walking down the street. as they pass a gay bar one turns to the other and says.... you wanna go inside and get shit faced?
                                                                                                                                       what did the apple say to the apple pie? "you've got some crust."
                                                                                                    i was going to tell you this joke about matthew shepard... ...but i'm kind of on the fence about it.
                                                                                                          i read a book about stockholm syndrome... i hated it at first, but it was great after a while.
                                                                                                                                               just wrote a book on reverse psychology... don't read it!
                                                                      we were making out on the couch and she's like "let's take this upstairs" i'm like "ok you grab one side and i'll grab the other!"
                                                                                      teens moms, calling yourself a mother because you gave birth is like calling me a doctor, because i own band-aids.
                                                                                                                                         what do you call a chicken that has passed on? a poultrygheist.
                                                                                                   my girfriend ask me ,"what about date" i say "the rate of dates are so high in the market". sorry....
                                                                                                                           what steps do you take if you encounter a bear in the wild? fucking big ones!
                                                                                                                    just started a new diet where i order wendy's salad and then eat all my kids' fries.
                                                                                        a lady came to my door the other day, asking for donations to my local sperm bank.. i gave her a right mouthful.
                                                                                                                                                     sign in restaurant window: "eat now - pay  waiter."
                                                                                                   did you hear about the soldier who survived pepper spray and mustard gas? he's now a seasoned veteran
                                                i asked my friend who the antagonist of borderlands is. me: "if you tell me, i'll give you some alcohol for free" friend: "alright then, hand some jack"
                                                                                                                                    my dealer needed to do laundry so i sold him a dime bag of quarters.
                                                                                                                                                        star wars spoilers (not really) dumbledore dies!
                                                  parkinson's my friend asked me the other day if i had any advice for dealing with parkinson's, apparently 'just shake it off' wasn't the right answer.
                                                                                                                     who was japan's favorite racist comedian? charlie japlin. hahahaahhaha stop racism.
                                                                           i changed my name in my daughters phone to god...just texted her and said "i saw that" you should of seen her face. priceless
                                                                                                                         a doe walks into a bar and keeps falling over because does can't walk for shit.
                                                                                        fat people save more water compared to everyone else... because they only need one cup off water to fill a bath.
                                                                                                                      have you heard about the rabbi who did circumcisions for free? he worked for tips.
                    a conversation with my 7 year old brother. "look at all of these beautiful horse" "horses" "horse is already plural, isn't it?" "you're thinking of elk" "holy mooses, you're right"
                                                                                                                 my office's password has been hacked. that's the third time i've had to rename the cat.
                                                                                                                                           three russians walk into a bar just kidding. they never left.
                                                                                                                                how do you know you're allergic to cats if you've never even tasted one?
                                                                                                                                                   remember teens: even jesus once logged off for 3 days
                                                                                                                                     1 in 5 children faces hunger... so why not turn the 5th kid around?
                                                                                                   could not decide how much lettuce to buy, until i got a second opinion two heads are better than one.
                                                                                         my wife tried imitating the weird groaning sound her car is making, and all three auto mechanics asked her out.
                                                                                    based on the amount of animal hair, clinging to your t-shirt, i'm going to pass on your homemade cookies, thank you.
                                                                                                       why did the lead singer of drowning pool lose his job at starbucks? he let biscotti hit the floor
                                                                                                                                                            why was ke$ha arrested? tik tok on the clock
                                                                                                                                    if facebook was school i swear we would all have perfect attendance.
                                                                                                                                                                         a baby seal walks into a club..
                                                                               it's impossible to have an *ok* time on a trampoline. it's either the most fun you've ever had or you go to the hospital.
                                                                                                                                                             what dance do hippies hate? a square dance.
                                                               if someone wants something their whole life, and you make it happen after they die, that is so goddamned mean. what are you even thinking
                                                              "that's superman, that's batman, and that's cyborg. if you won't call them by their names, i can't play with you anymore." - me to my 5yo.
                                                                                                                  your mother walks into the bar it's "the" bar because she's so fat she's in every bar.
                                                                                                                                               what rock group has 4 men that don't sing? mount rushmore
                                                                                                                         please stop saying donald trump is mean he can't even make an average president
                                                                                                              gang of three hijack truckload of viagra. police are looking for three hardened criminals.
                                                                                                                                  what do you get if you cross an insect and a  dance ? a cricket ball !
                                                                                              never take for granted someone that can make you smile or the fact that you have something to smile about.
                                                                                                                                       q: what does santa say when he goes fox hunting? a: tally hohoho!
                                                                                      strictly between you and me and whatever agency these hummingbirds are reporting to, my paranoia is getting worse.
                                                                                                                                     what is the difference between a snowman and a snowwoman? snowballs
                                                                                                                                             how do you castrate a priest? kick the alter boy in the jaw
                                                                                                                                       women q: what do you call a woman without an @sshole? a: divorced
                                                                                                      what's the difference between a blonde and a mosquito? a mosquito stops sucking when you smack it.
                                                                                                                                                   q: what kind of witch goes to the beach? a: sandwitch
                                                                     q: did you hear that nasa recently put a bunch of holsteins into low earth orbit? a: they called it the herd shot 'round the world.
                                                                                                  a dyslexic sanders supporter was kicked out of the botanical gardens he kept trying to peel the ferns.
                                                                                                     "in just 4 years, you can get a 4 year degree!" yes, "university" commercial--that math checks out.
                                                                                                                                            what did the zombie farmer say he wanted? grrraaaaiiinnns...
                                                      what's the difference between geno smith and a porn star? nothing, they both suck dick. as a jets fan it hurts to say. but it's been kind of true.
                                                        ukraine are currently third in the paralympics table, reaping the rewards of their investment programme... ...or as we know it, 'chernobyl 1986'
                                                                                                                           i could never marry a tennis line judge... they always point out your faults.
                                                                                                                                                                              i don't bolivia peru-v it.
                                                                        [hot wheels cars zooming through entire house] "i swear to god karen if you disconnect any part of this track i'm divorcing you"
                                                                                                                                                  horror story in 4 words good morning, president trump.
                                                                                                                                          what is quivering at the bottom of the ocean? a nervous wreck.
                                                                                           seriously, if you hacked trump's account and wanted to make him look bad, what the hell would you even tweet.
                                                                                                                                       my mum was killed by cancer... wait no, my dad was a sagittarius.
                                                                                                                           pornography is often frowned upon. but that's only because i'm concentrating.
                                                                  how do you wake up lady gaga? poke her face. a joke from a 3 year old who thought it was hilarious, but probably didn't understand it.
                                                                                                                                         my ex-wife says she misses me... but her aim is getting better.
                                                                                                                                             when i worked at the shoe store... i was the sole employee.
                                                                 mowed the lawn yesterday with my shirt off and this morning there were 50 shirts left on my porch with a sign that said, "please wear."
                                                                                                                                                           what music does a mummy listen to? wrap music
                                                                                                                                                            where did the one legged waitress work? ihop
                                                                                                            did you hear about the cannibal who tried eating his clone? he was getting ahead of himself.
                                                                    what is harder than telling the difference between chinese people? telling the difference between chinese people with down syndrome.
                                                                        i've decided my tweets sound better when i say them so instead of tweeting i'm just gonna call all of you when i think of stuff.
                                                                           i will not eat a donut. i will not eat a donut. i will not eat... i will not eat a third donut. i will not eat a third donut.
                                                                 wooden leg named smith my friend said he knew a man with a wooden leg named smith. so i asked him "what was the name of his other leg?"
                                                                           went to "the social network." i ran into people i didn't like in high school and they kept showing me pictures of their kids.
                                                                                                                        yo mama so ugly they didn't give her a costume when she tried out for star wars.
                                                             don'tcha wish your g/f was fun like me? *plays twister* don'tcha wish your g/f was a freak like me? *regurgitates a jellyfish* don'tcha...?
                                                                                                                                           why did the sheep move house? the neighbours were baaastsrds.
                                  what's the difference between a suicidal ghost hunter and a weaboo alcohol taster? one drinks bleach and watches spirits; the other drinks spirits and watches bleach.
                                                                                                                                                        how do we know the earth was born on april 22nd?
                                                                                                                   what's the difference between a priest and a wristwatch? a priest's hands stop at 10.
                                                                                                                                      how does a mermaid give a man head? she blows him out of the water
                                                                                                                                                 i used to be a banker... but i lost interest in the job
                                                             hey other men: i'm tweeting this from your mom's phone. the implication being that she's sexually promiscuous: a big insult in our culture.
                                                                                                                                     sarcasm: confusing stupid people and pissing off idiots everywhere.
                                                                                                                                                                                         knock, knock...
                                                                                                                                     what will they now call hormonally-induced knockers on men? broosts
                                                                                                                              "phone call to my dad" feat. my mom yelling things at me in the background
                                                                                                 this isn't a joke, i'm a black guy who's in dire need of white jokes.... give me your best reddit! ^^^^
                                                                                                                                 what did the white crayon say to the black crayon? we make a gray team!
                                                                                                                                                     where did alice go during the explosion? everywhere
                                                                                                                                          i found a new way of making popcorn... just give an ear a baby
                                                                                                                                                   if abortion is murder, then are condoms kidnapping...
                                                                me: wanna hang out? southern girl: well, dip me in honey butter, roll me around in mississippi sand and saddle a junebug to savannah me:
                                                                 a lot of people look at russian roulette as a negative game, but statistically it's actually one of the only games you can't lose twice
                                                                                                                       batman daughter ask; bd - what is puberty? b- do you bleed? bd - ... b - you will
                                                                                                                                what's darth vader's least favorite temperature? luke warm. ^^im ^^sorry
                                                            i'd hate to give a speech to nudists because i'd be nervous and then i'd have to imagine them without their skin on and skeletons are scary.
                             i remember when i was a kid... ... i was only about 10 years old and my grandmother took me out for a wonderful seafood meal. i'll never forget it. a great mussell memory.
                                                                                                                                                         what do you call a confused asian? disoriental.
                                             mike tyson's biggest problem was he never had a strong male role model growing up. mike's dad walked out on the family very early on, after mike raped him.
                                                                              happy 30th birthday super mario bros. to celebrate, i'm going to eat mushrooms, punch a brick wall & set a turtle on fire.
                                                                                                     i almost didn't remember today was september 11th then i felt bad, because i said i'd never forget.
                                                                                                                                                                   what does a cow call his mate? oxfam.
                                                            buzz aldrin:they say in space no one can hear you scream, but it's not true and the other astronauts get mad at you for the rest of the trip
                                                                                                                          apple are finally allowing porn on the itunes store now there's a fap for that
                                                                                                                                                  at starbucks i order under the name godot. then leave.
                                                                                                                                 i buy all my guns from a bloke called t-rex.. he's a small arms dealer.
                                                                                                                          why was the jew afraid to eat the pizza? because it had pork sausage toppings.
                                                                                                               hey it's me, the girl who just googled "chemistry alphabet" when i meant "periodic table"
                                                                                                                    a psychic midget escaped from jail... police bulletin read, "small medium at large."
                                                                                    chuck norris some people think the glass is half full. some people think it is half empty. chuck norris sees scotch.
                                                                                        tarzan walk into his wife making dolma.. he then shouts: how many times i told you not to touch my underwear?!?!
                                                                                                         i've just bought that new lynx deodorant  breadcrumb edition. the birds can't get enough of me!
                                                            my parents told me as a kid that r&b stood for ribbons and bows so when i heard barry white in their bedroom i left them alone to do crafts.
                                                                                                                                    when making small talk at a tweet-up, avoid using the word "fungus."
                                                                                                                              why did god create adam before eve? to give him a chance to say something.
                                                                                                                why did mubarak and gaddafi get dehydrated? they didn't want water from the arab spring.
                                                                                                                                 what do the alphabet a and a flower have in common? b comes after both.
                                                                                                                                               i put my root beer in a square glass. now it's just beer.
                                                                                                      who are the fastest readers in the world? 9/11 victims, they went through 38 stories in 10 seconds
                                                                                                                                                        what bee is good for your health ? vitamin bee !
                                                                                  what's the difference between a group of midget engineers and a women's track team? one is a group of cunning runts...
                                                                                                                                            went to a ginger convention today there wasn't a soul there.
                                                                                                                               watching people try to find a lost car in a parking lot is oddly soothing
                                                                                                                                                     where do siths do their shopping? at the darth mall
                                                                experimental music sounds like a cool idea until you realize that the experiment is how bad something can be, and still be called music.
                                                                                                            presidents day is just a holiday created by "big president" to get us to buy more presidents
                                                                                                                            for what i assume is a gambling channel, bet sure has a lot of black people.
                                                                                                                                                           did you hear about the kidnapping? he woke up
                                                                                                                                                when you assassinate, you make an ass out of ass innate.
                                                                                                                                        q: why did the condom fly across the room? a: it was pissed off.
                                                                                                                             her: i like your facial hair me: i like your facial hair (flirting is hard)
                                                                                                    where would you find the emo kid at his birthday party? just *hanging* out by himself in the bedroom
                                                                                                                              what do you call a prostitute with her hands down her pants? self-employed
                                                                                                                             ted cruz looks like he puts ketchup all over his fries instead dipping them
                                                                                                                              so this guy is making a construction joke... but he's still working on it.
                                                                                        i don't trust people who keep their jackets on after they've arrived. that's what i do when i'm going to escape.
                                                                                                                                                   what is a jamaican's favorite video game? smoke-a-mon
                                                                        did you hear about the vertically challenged psychic that robbed a bank? police say they're looking for a small medium at large.
                                                                 my 84 mother to my 19: make-up sure does wonders but you don't want your future husband waking up wondering who you are in the morning.
                                                                                                                                                           which baldwin went to school? the smart alec.
                                                                                                                         which dinosaur knew... q: which dinosaur knew the most words? a: the thesaurus.
                                                                                                                    what was batman's greatest accomplishment? pulling a robin out of bruce wayne's dick
                                                         a deaf guy walks into a bar... a deaf guy walks into a bar. bartender says, "we don't serve your kind here." deaf guy says, "i'll have a beer."
                                                                                                                                   how do you get certified as an interior decorator? you don't pull out
                                                                                                      what's the difference between a dwarf and an std? ones a cunning runt the other is a running cunt.
                                                                          i'm going to the kentucky men's basketball game vs grand canyon tonight i'm pretty worried, i hear grand canyon's really deep.
                                                                                                                                          i hate this place, as soon as i find my clothes, i am leaving.
                                                                                                                                              i am a janitor... they call me dwayne "the smock" johnson.
                                                                                                                                       just realized i only had one meal today. one, thirteen-hour meal.
                                                                                                                                                                where do sith lords shop? at darth mall.
                                                                                                                                         your mother is so classless... .. she could be a marxist utopia
                                                                                                                                                       2 mexicans got into a fight it was a juan on juan
                                                                                             my cover letter is just a picture of me in a sleeveless turtleneck karate chopping the word 'unemployment'.
                                                                                                                                                                    cheezus take the wheel! *bud um sch*
                                                                               did you hear about the band kansas getting arrested for kidnapping at the airport? they tried to carry-on my wayward son.
                                                                                                 i'm not hungover. i just like to wear my sunglasses when i open the fridge door. it makes me look cool.
                                                                   only funny if you own a dog: i think my dog must have a very cold nose. every time it walks into a room, all the other dogs sit down.
                                                                                                                               does anyone want to buy a used theremin? i haven't touched mine in years.
                                                              what do you call nuts on a wall? walnuts. . what do you call nuts on a chest? . chestnuts. . what do you call nuts on a chin? . a blowjob.
                                                                                                                                         rock, paper, scissors? -the proctologist removing items from me
                                                                                                                                                why was eric clapton arrested? he was fingering a minor.
                                                                                                                           i told my friends this story about an orca... it was a killer whale of a time
                "i need to find somewhere to park," i told my wife. "what about over there?" she said. "i can't," i replied, "it says between 1 and 9 only." "well, why is that stopping you?" "i'm 23."
                                                                                                                                         the weirder rihanna's tattoos get the less i blame chris brown.
                                                                  q: did you hear about the blonde that got  pregnant for the second time? a: she asked her husband if they needed to get married again.
                                                                                                                     what do you call it when you keep wiping but brown still shows? the trail of smears
                                                                                                       what do you call a circle of $100 bills? aretha franklins! (happy birthday to the queen of soul!)
                                                                                                                                            i met a girl with twelve nipples... sounds funny, dozen tit.
                                                                                                                      did you hear about the guy who lost the left side of his body, he's all right now.
                                                                                                                                         cocaine so white it looks around the room before saying "nigga"
                                            china recently banned girls from eating bananas on live streams... so now the people with hemorrhoids can now get off from girls eating raspberries instead.
                                                                                                    someone once asked me if i was drunk. i said yes. that was the shortest job interview i've ever had.
                                                                                                                            just realized that my spirit animal is winnie the pooh. two words: no pants.
                                                                                                                              i ate 4 lunch ladies before someone explained that's not what they're for.
                                                                                                                                              why can't two melons get married? because they cantaloupe.
                                                                                                                                                   what's a pedophile's favorite musical scale? d minor!
                                    to be happy with a man, you must understand him a lot and love him a little. to be happy with a woman, you must love her a lot and not try to understand her at all.
                                                                                                                               i haven't said a word to my wife in years. she hates to be interrupted...
                                                                                                                                     two peanuts are walking down the street. one of them was assaulted.
                                                                                                                                        i thought i pocket dialed you... but it was just a clothes call.
                                                                                                                      i just tried to woo stephen hawking. but i don't think i pushed the right buttons.
                                                             i overheard a gentleman saying he grew up with drew brees, and that he wasn't a very nice person... i said, "hey! drew brees is a *saint!*"
                                                              what's the difference between einstein and kim kardashian? einstein is famous for special relativity, kim is famous for simple reality tv.
                                                                                                                                          never get on one knee for a girl who won't get on two for you.
                                                                                             [date] her: *giggles* whoops you got a hair right there me (nervous she's trying to clone me): give it back
                                                                                                          if the black lives matter movement had started 300 years ago... it would have been called peta
                                                                                                                      a roman walks into a bar... ...holds up two fingers and says, "five beers please".
                                                                               to: all staff subject: fw: re: re: fw: fw: fw: re: re: fw: re: re: fw: fw: how to effectively use the e-mail subject line
                                                                                                                                                     karma has no menu. you get served what you deserve.
                                                                                                                     what do you call a gust of wind that blows a black guy off of a boat? the nba draft
                                                                                                                                                    is it just me or do you find pressing f5 refreshing?
                                                                                                                                        what do you call a black guy in a museum? antique farm equipment
                                                                                                                                                 my penis was being a dick so..... i told him to grow up
                                                                            speed dating (don't say anything embarrassing) "so do you ever eat raisins and then later poop rehydrated grapes?" (dammit!)
                                                                                                                                                                                 "i'm tired." - beat cop
                                                                                           her: it's disgusting how many dirty habits you have. me: the nuns pay me good money to do thier laundry ok???
                                                                                                                                                      what is a mushrooms favorite type of music? hyphae
                                                                                                                         why did the astronomer break up with his girlfriend? he just needed some space.
                                               my uncle said this now that there are two popes two popes walk into a bar with yankee caps on. the bartender says, "didn't you guys use to be cardinals?"
                                                          a wife says to her husband.... "i want you to whishper dirty things in me ear,, to which the husband replies: "kitchen,bathroom,livingroom"...
                                                                                                       me: be back after lunch! boss: ok me: *texts boss april fools lol* *goes home, turns on baseball*
                                                                                                                                       why did a surgeon go to prison? his medical license was doctored.
                                                                                                         things have not been great with my girlfriend who's an astronaut she said she needs some space.
                                                                                                                    asian keanu asian keanu arrives at a party asian keanu gets bored asian keanu reeves
                                                                                                                                                                           e.t.'s last name was "cetera"
                                                                                                                                              the chemistry between me and any kind of food is just whoa
                                    my wife said she wanted to have sex like in the movies.. ..so i fucked her in the arse and came on her face and in her hair. i guess we don't watch the same movies.
                                                                 biologist screws up: mutant killer virus physicist screws up: deadly black hole geologist screws up: rock on table is now rock on floor
                                                                                                     what's the worst part about baiting a fish hook really well? everyone knows you're a master baiter!
                                                                                                                    my stomach just made a really weird noise. i'm sending a pizza down to check it out.
                                                 i heard the latest statistic that 1 in 3 people cheat on their significant others that means either my wife or my girlfriend is cheating on me. hmm....
                                                                                                                              it's hard to find a good woman . * smart * sexy * single * sane pick three
                                                                                                                                      where do terrorists go to get a bite to eat? the allahu snack-bar.
                                                                                                                i lost the 120 lbs that were weighing me down really fast with one simple trick divorce.
                                                                             what does school and the male reproductive organ have in common? most of the time it's hard and long - unless you're asian.
                                                                                                                                                              my least favorite racist joke donald trump
                                                                                                                                                                                chili today, hot tamale.
                                                                                                                                 people are like the digestive system. in the end, they're all assholes.
                                                                                                                                                           what do gay jazz musicians play? the ballsax.
                            what's the difference between jam and jelly? what's the difference between jam and jelly? i can't jelly my cock in your ass. inspiration taken from how i met your mother :)
                                                                                                                                do you ever think mr. whole is sick of tourism ads targeting his family?
                                          a mexican magician says to the audience: "for my next trick, i will disappear on the count of three. uno... dos..." *poof*. and he disappeared without a tres.
                                                                                            i told my wife 'a blowjob a day keeps the doctor away.' for christmas she bought me better medical coverage.
                                                                                                                                         why are cats bad debaters? because they're always pussyfooting!
                                                                                                                          i had beer at lunchtime and now i think i might be sitting in the wrong office
                                                                                                                          [sees fly] hmm... i think i'll name this creature "fly." [sees bird] goddammit
                                                                                                                          what's worse than finding a worm in your apple? getting injected with tetanus.
        if you're having reception problems with your phone... just shove an antenna up a girl's ass, then yell at her face. then you will officially have a receptionist!!!!! hahahahahahahahahahahaha!
                                                                                                                                     what do you call it when a blacksmith makes something white? irony.
                                                                                                                                     today i almost fucked up by finishing with a bad bunch line whoops-
                                                                                                        my girlfriend just introduced me to the parents. as if i've never met my own mum and dad before.
                                                                                             i wrote 'divorce', my wife wrote 'yes'. tough way to find out, but at least i won our last game of scrabble
                                                                                           local mom finds cure to weight loss, scientist are dumbfounded... at how gullible people on the internet are.
                                                                                                                                what do you call samsung store security guards? guardians of the galaxy.
                                                                                  you know it's cold outside when... you buy a foot long at subway and by the time you get it to you car it's a six inch
                                                                   don't you hate it when you look all around the house and car for your underwear,,, and they were on top of your head the  whole time?
                                                                                                                                             what do you call an accountant without a  spreadsheet? lost
                                                                                                                                  what do you get when you cross the cia with information about it? ****
                                                                                                                                                                                 paper is so terrible...
                                                                                                                                                       what sounds do nuts make when they sneeze? cashew
                                                                         i would be a bad fish. fishermen would be like, "omg i'm so ugly" and i'd take the bait and disagree, instead of swimming away.
                                                                                         nothing screams "i don't care about being on time for work" like hopping on twitter first thing in the morning.
                                                                                                              what do computers and air conditioners have in common? neither work when you open windows.
                                                                                                                                                         the name's bond. ionic bond. taken, not shared.
                                                                                                                                                what did the pirate say on his 80th birthday? aye matey!
                                                                                                                                                        what did pirate say when he turned 80? aye matey
                                                                                            you guys wanna see something cool? http://www.fda.gov/ucm/groups/fdagov-public/documents/image/ucm197598.bmp
                                                                                                                                           what do these jokes and a ghost have in common? boo man! boo!
                                                                                                                                                 only trust people that like big butts. they cannot lie.
                                                            "honey, my toothbrush is moving!" "has it got ears?" "yeah." "tail?" "yeah." "is it the dog?" "i think i know the diff--ah it bit me again!"
                                                                                             why is it that whenever you complement someone on their mustache... suddenly she's not your friend anymore?
                                                                                                                                                  who has two thumbs and a concealed identity? disguise!
                                                            a gymnast walks into a bar. she is immediately given a 0.0 and disqualified from olympic trials. you're supposed to jump over the bar, idiot
                                                       my roommate has a red face all the time. he says it's because of a skin condition but i think he's secretly appropiating native american culture.
                                                                                                  a hot girl asked me what came first, the chicken or the egg? i answered truthfully " it's usually me".
                                                                                                                                                     what do you get when you clone a cyborg? a cyclone.
                                                                                                         what is the worst part about breaking up with a japanese girl? you have to drop the bomb twice.
                                                                                                                                     why aren't there any asprins in the jungle? the parrots-eat-em-all.
                                                                                                                        "mmm..i love your cooking darling." that's the male equivalent to a fake orgasm.
                                                                                  my milkshake brings all the boys to the yard and they're like, "this is all melted! why would you serve this outside?"
                                                                                                                                                                   how to look at life positively |life|
                                                                                                  i don't regret burning bridges. i regret that some people weren't on those bridges when i burned them.
                                                               two hikers are standing on a bridge over a stream, peeing over the side. first hiker: "wow, this water's cold." second hiker: "and deep."
                                                                                                                                           just dropped my iphone in the bath tub. i think it's syncing.
                                                                                                                                      i have a good joke about a spanish name... but it isn't this juan.
                                                                                                                              what does a german say when you finally explain a funny meme to him? danke
                                                                                  q.when do you kick a midget in the balls? a: when he is standing next to your girlfriend saying her hair smells nice .
                                                                                                 just found out my wife has cooties. i'm headed to the clinic to get tested. so many emotions right now"
                                                                                                                      my friend, power, is always tired that's because his boss makes him work overtime.
                                                                                                                                       what were the zodiac killer's plans for vacation? to take a cruz.
                                              waitress dad jokes when waitress comes to the table ask if she takes orders ,"to go"? if she says yes respond with, "great! get your purse we're leaving."
                                                                                                                                                       why are crosses not in fashion? they're too god-y
                                                                                                     there were four cats in a boat one jumped out. how many were left ? none. they were all copy cats !
                                                                                                                                why do sharks swim in salt water? because pepper would make them sneeze!
                                                                                                             what do a plate of homemade brownies and a golden shower have in common? urine for a treat.
                                                                                                2 scientists walk into a bar, one asks for h20 and the other asks for h20 too. the other scientist dies.
                                                                                                                                         what do you call a police officer standing on dog poop? on duty
                                                                                                                             (nsfw) what did the haddock get covered in at the fish orgy? salmonal fluid
                                                two drunks are crawling on the railroad. one says "i'm tired of climbing this ladder, when's our floor already?" "no worries, i see an elevator coming."
                                                                                                                                       saw a chameleon today, so i'm assuming it wasn't a very good one.
                                                             where's the gratification in tearing down another human being? it's much easier to have heart, than walk w a self-inserted rod up your ass.
                                                                                                                                                                   i tried to catch fog yesterday, mist.
                                                                                    sign at the gas station: "bathroom is no longer available." i can't believe it. even the shell bathroom has someone.
                                                                                              if a donkey and zebra ever mate they'd have to call the offspring a zonkey because debra is already taken.
                                                                              just been to my first muslim birthday party. the musical chairs was a bit slow, but fuck me the pass the parcel was quick!
                                                                            today in biology class we learnt about all the health problems related to cigarettes thank god i switched to crack last week
                                                                                                                                       the biggest trick the devil ever pulled was making religion cool.
                                                                          my client's (soon to be ex) wife just flipped me off in the courthouse parking lot, so yeah, i'm obviously doing my job right.
                                                                                                                                                                              a one word joke: lysdexia.
                                                                                                                     i've accepted the fact that being cremated is my last hope for a smoking, hot body.
                                                                                                                                      what makes the sound 'clip clop bang clip clop'? an amish drive-by
                           a construction worker comes home from work. he tells his wife, "honey, i cut off my finger today." she replies, "the whole finger!?" he says, "no, the one right next to it."
                                                                                                                                             i'd tell you a joke about my dick... but it's way too long.
                                                                                                                                               what is a nudist's favourite alcoholic drink? a daiquiri.
                                                                                                                             did you hear about the corduroy pillow? you didn't hear? it made headlines!
                                                                                                                           i don't know why people call me arrogant i'm the most humble guy in the world
                                                                                                                              is there a difference between men and women? yes, there is a vas deferens.
                                                                                             a cheers for women's underwear... ...they might not be the best thing, but they are the closest thing to it
                                                                            *lays down on memory foam mattress* mattress: remember that time you pooped your pants in 3rd grade? me: i regret buying you
                                                                   everyone is worried trump will pull us out of the paris accord... but trump doesn't know how to pull out, that is why he has 10 kids.
                                                                                                                                                       when stoves die... they go to hoven. i'm^so^sorry
                                                                                   cop pulled me over said "papers" i replied with "scissors, i win" and drove off. now i'm doing hard time on the rock.
                                                                      my girlfriend said she was leaving because of my obsession with the monkees, i thought she was joking.. ..and then i saw her face.
                                                                                                                                                                  give me your best chuck norris joke. ^
                                                                        i just saw a hot mom at mcdonalds spank her kid after he threw his fries on the ground ...so i threw my fries on the ground too.
                                                                                                                                                  did i tell you i'm dating a midget? i'm nuts over her.
                                                                                                  sadly, i had to quit my job as a taxi driver... i just couldn't stand everyone talking behind my back.
                                                             [if my cat tweeted] when "over 38" is sad and missing her boyfriend, i try and cheer her up by peeing on her shoes and puking on her phone.
                                                                                                        saying that you were touched by jesus... ...is a completely different story in a mexican prison.
                                                                                                                    shit. gotta huge job interview tomorrow and i have no clue where i put my prom dress
                                                              sms codes for seniors: btw - bring the wheelchair fwiw - forgot where i was lmdo - laughing my dentures out wtfa - wet the furniture again
                                                                                                                                why is santa so jolly? ...because he knows where all the bad girls live!
                                                             taking the drivers test made me realize i wanted to be a race car driver..... ......the instructor was surprised at how fast i was driving.
                                                                                   when i found out i won the world's saddest man award i became slightly happy and was immediately stripped of my title
                                                                                          i was redditing while on the toilet when... i almost dropped my phone..... literally scared the shit out of me
                                                                                                                                                     how does a stripper find jobs? she does netwerking!
                                                                            if you're in a wheelchair and you say your date stood you up, it's unclear to me whether your night was lousy or remarkable.
                                                                                                                                                               oldest boy band in the world one erection
                                                                                                                                                   the worst thing about parallel parking is witnesses..
                                                                                  i hate when my congressman emails me to "take action" on an issue. dude, you're the one in congress, you do something.
                                                                                         i bet "jerk chicken" is that chicken that cuts others off when the other chickens are trying to cross the road.
                                                                                                     there's a fine line between a numerator and a denominator. only a fraction of people will get this.
                                                                                with american airlines stock at 20 cents, i can't decide between paying for two checked bags or buying half the company.
                                                                                                                                         what do you call a hamburger that runs for president? a mctrump
                                                                                                                                                what operating system does a redditor use? fedora linux!
                                                                                                                        what do you get when you mate an elephant with a poodle? a poodle split in half.
                                                                                                                                what do you call a drummer that breaks up with his girlfriend? homeless.
                                                                  "we can't hire you. we're trying to get more diverse" me: but i'm hispanic [a bear walks in wearing a fresh hooters outfit] me: aw man
                                                                               the best part about pooping with the bathroom door open in the morning is being able to see everyone's face at starbucks.
                                                                                                                                                                     i don't like referencing not et al.
                                                                                                                      what's the one good thing about a pedophile? they drive slow through school zones.
                                                                                  they don't make microwaves the size of refrigerators because they know if you were high you'd try nuking your friends.
                                                                                                                   what happens when you goose a ghost? you get a hand full of sheet. (joke from my mom)
                                                                                                  thanks, but i'm too far away for you to be holding the door open for me why are you doing this stop it
                                                                                                                   why couldn't joe be friends with a double-amputee? because he's lack-toes intolerant.
                                                                                                                                                i went to an art contest recently... it ended in a draw.
                                                                                                                 i used to think maths was useless but then one day i realised that decimals had a point
                                                                                                                                                   what's a teddy bears favourite pasta ?  tagliateddy !
                                                            [fleeing the bank we just robbed] accomplice: play it cool this time, okay? me: god i hate crime you guys police officer: alright he's clear
                                                                                                        my girl told me that she has daddy issues... so i left for a pack of smokes and never came back.
                                                                              does anyone know how much a blimp is worth? i was going to google it, but i was worried it wouldn't account for inflation.
                                                                                                                                                                     i need constant reassurance, right?
                                                                                                                             today i got told i am condescending....... that means i talk down to people
                                                                                                                                                          what do you call a struggling artist? baroque.
                                                                                                                                                                  i like coffee like i like slaves. free
                                                                                                                                 i once ate a watch it was time consuming, i didn't go back for seconds.
                                                                                   i think "so do you come here often?" is a valid pick-up line. i don't want a girl who's drinking 7 martinis everyday.
                          today, i was beaten up by this woman ... i was in the elevator when this busty lady got in. i was staring at her boobs, when she said, "would you please press one." so i did.
                                                                                                      teacher: why did robin hood only rob the rich? me: because the poor didn't have any fucking money.
                                                                                                the most disturbing thing about fossil fuels is when larry king pisses into his gas tank and drives off.
                                                                                                                                                        q: how do you get a blond out of a tree? a: wave
                                                                                                                                         what do you call a person who teaches about drones? dronacharya
                                                                                                                                    i'm not very good with pets. i had a pet rock once, but it ran away.
                                                                             my doctor wrote me a prescription for "dailysex"... but the wife had to break it to me that it was actually for "dyslexia".
                                                                                                        what's the difference between my ex and the titanic? the titanic only went down on 1,000 people!
                                                                                                                                       i had a really funny joke... but autocorrect ruined the lunchtime
                                                                                           i hate it when people don't behave the way i thought they would when i rehearsed the conversation in my head.
                                                                                                      what's a vaccines favorite song? shots shots shots shots shots shots shots shots shots shots shots
                                                                                                                                       what words men never want to hear during sex? hi honey, i'm home.
                                                                                                            q: you go to a cockfight. how do you know if a  polak is there? a: he's the one with a duck.
                                                                                                                                            a naked women robbed a bank. nobody could remember her face.
                                                                                                           whenever i'm bored, i call one of my parents and ask them to describe how the internet works.
                                                                                                                       today is full of possibilities and i have a strong feeling none of them are mine.
               two scientists walk into a bar... one asks for a h2o, the other asks for a h2o too. the bartender hands them both glasses of water and asks them why they're talking in scientific terms.
                                                                                                         why do blondes have bruises on their bellybuttons? because blonde guys aren't that smart either
                                                                                                           what do you get if you cross an owl with a witch? a bird that's ugly but doesn't give a hoot!
                             what did carbon yell at gold while trying to get his attention? a! u!!! if it doesn't make sense tell it so someone out loud. pretty sure this is my first original joke :)
                                                                                                       what did the nudist criminal say when he agreed to a criminal plan? "i'm in, but i'm not decent."
                                                                                                              what is the difference between a girl and a pool table? you have a shot with a pool table.
                                                                                              pool donations a man came to my door asking for donations towards the local swimming pool so i peed in it.
                                                                                                                           why are muslim men allowed 4 wives? because "islam gives women equal rights!"
                                                                                                                     bridge is like sex if you don't have a good partner, you'd better have a good hand.
                                                                                           how do you know when there is a bassist at your door? he can't find the key and doesn't know when to come in.
                                                                      snow white succumbs to avian influenza as a message against the laziness of magically hiring animals to complete household chores.
                                                                                                             why does a jew watch pornography backwards? he wants to see the prostitute give back money.
                                                                                women is born with two vaginas the parents and the doctor thought it was a miracle until poop came out of the second one
                                                                                                                     i swallowed a ice cube and i haven't pooped it out yet, i'm really scared you guys.
                                                                                                                                     jpp is a "oser" (holds middle, ring and pinky fingers to forehead).
                                                                                                                                       there should be a morning after pill for supreme court decisions.
                                                                                                                 cant take this long distance relationship anymore. fridge.... you are coming to my room
                                                                                                                                                        a french man asks... "do you even lift, breaux?"
                                                                                                                                                           wanna hear a pizza joke? nah it's too cheesy!
                                                                                                                 him: you'll always be the one that got away. me: escaped. him: what? me: i said thanks.
                                                                                                                                                            i like my women like i like my coffee bitter
                                                 there once was a lady named lucky who used dynamite to give herself fucky.  they found her vagina,  in north carolina,  and one of her tits in kentucky
                                                                                                                                      what's brown and sits on a piano bench? beethoven's last movement.
                                                                                                                                                                 never trust someone who runs for "fun."
                                                                                                                                                            '90s movie spoiler alert: it's kevin spacey.
                                                                                               letting russia host the winter olympics feels a little bit like letting voldemort host the quidditch cup.
                                                                                                                                          i just found out diarrhea is genetic... it runs in your genes.
                                                                                                                                                      fighting a war on drugs beats fighting a war sober
                                                              a crazy looking girl threatened to punch me because i kept playing taylor swift on the jukebox. i knew she was trouble when she walked in.
                                                                                          i swallowed two pieces of string and when i went to the bathroom they came out tied together. i shit you knot.
                                                                                                            i hate porn that develops too much story line. i actually watched till the end and forgot to
                                                               i like microwaves that spin the food around because i'm all, oh yeah, hot pocket, looking good, girl, from the front and the back uh huh.
                                                                                                                 what do you call a person who uses multiple accounts to upvote their own memes? unidank
                                                                                                                                   california legalized marijuana i guess they had a high voter turnout.
                                                                                                          i made a shitty voodoo doll, once... ...and all the limbs fell off. worked out for me, though.
                                                                                                wife and husband wife: "i look fat. can you give me a compliment?" husband: "you have perfect eyesight."
                                             there are 10 types of people in this world. those who thought they knew what the punchline would be, and those who are now searching for the original joke.
                                                                                                                                                my gf was a virgin until recently ;) too bad i still am.
                                                                                                         nothing says "i love you" like my cat aggressively bathing herself immediately after i pet her.
                                                                                           castro: i will not die until america is destroyed. trump: i'm gonna be the president castro: well then.......
                                                                                                                                    what does monsieur homer say after spilling water on himself? d'eau!
                                                            i don't have instagram, so i thought you guys should know i had starbucks this morning. the cup was super cool looking. i also saw a rainbow
                                                                                                                            if my dad were alive today he would say, "mark stop telling people i'm dead"
                                                                patient to doctor patient: doctor, i have a pain in my eye whenever i drink tea. doctor: take the spoon out of the mug before you drink.
                                            a teacher and her student practice counting teacher: ok now, 61,62,63,64,65,66,67,68,69...what comes after 69? student: mouthwash that student was sent home
                                                                                                           what did woody and buzz say to your mom? "strange to see your toys have the same name as us."
                                                                                                                                 where does a cow go to watch a film? the mooovies. pls tell to friends.
                                                                                                   if i had a quarter for every time a homeless person asked me for change i still wouldn't give him any
                                                                                                                 i recently got crushed by a pile of books, but i suppose i have only my shelf to blame.
                                a little demon came home from school one day and said to his mother 'i hate my sister's  guts.' 'all right' said his mother 'i won't put them in your sandwiches again.'
                                                        how do you keep a redditor busy for hours? [click here](http://www.reddit.com/r/jokes/comments/ou62j/how_do_you_keep_a_redditor_busy_for_hours/)
                                                                                                        what did the alcoholic say to the bartender? "you know, i only beat my wife once in a blue moon.
                                                                                                                                                           an alzheimer joke (sorry if this is a repost)
                                                                sometimes you feel like you've grown. other times you pout for a few hours because your wife accidentally threw away your tabasco sauce.
                                                                                                                                      i thought about doing stand up comedy, then i sat back down again.
                                                                                                                                                 if satan lost his hair... ...there would be hell toupe.
                             i was writing an essay when keanu reeves busted in and told me that there's a bomb on my computer and if my typing speed fell below 50 wpm, the whole laptop would explode.
                               (no spoilers) what did daredevil say after begrudgingly agreeing with the punisher's brutally honest opinion that he's just a half-measure? "you're such a frank castle."
                                                                                                                                 you are so tall in my eyes that they can't rise higher than your waist.
                                                                                                                                             blowing your load on a girl counts as a baby shower right ?
                                                                                                                                                                    how do you steal a coat? you jacket.
                                                                                                 what's the worst thing a woman can hear after giving willie nelson a blow job? "i'm not willie nelson."
                                                                                                                               i bought an ipod from el chapo... but now i have to keep jailbreaking it.
                                                                                                                            what do you call a monkey named james that's afraid of everything? jim-pansy
                                        a blonde jokes two blondes (let's call them tina and julie) are talking. tina: did you know this new year is on friday? julie: omg, i hope it's not on the 13th.
                                                                                                                                what do you call a bird of prey with high intelligence? a falcon genius.
                                                                                                               have any of you heard about the magician who was driving home? he turned into a driveway.
                                                                                                                                      i just finished my exam on communism i really hope i get good marx
                                                                                                      the easiest way to get rid of a ghost is to ask him for some rent money or to help with the dishes
                                                                                                                                                       my life is like my dick after masturbation empty.
                                                                                                                       did you hear about the guy whose whole left side was cut off? he's all right now.
                                                                me: "...american cheese, toasted." her: "what kind of cheese?" me: "american..." her: "want it toasted?" me: "i'll just make it myself."
                                                                                                                                                   what do gay asian men do in the bedroom? they bangkok
                                                                                                                                                 what do you use to find greek restaurants? a gyroscope.
                                                                                                                                          how do you know which tree is the jew? it doesn't drop apples.
                                                                                                                                                         what's a cherry's favorite sex position? on top
                                                                                                                                               if one is an expert at tying knots, one does knot simply.
                                                                                                                    did you hear about the blond who got pregnant? she wasn't sure if the baby was hers!
                                                                                                                         i'd like to tell a joke about pedophiles but they're fucking immature assholes.
                                                                                                                                                 where does a pornstar go for timeout? the casting couch
                                                                                                                             i wanted a dog. my wife wanted a cat. we had to compromise so we got a cat.
                                                                                                                                              i may be single but at least im gettin f*cked financially!
                                                                                                 helium walks into a bar, the bartender says "we don't serve noble gasses here"... helium doesn't react.
                                                                                   joke of the day 6/13/14 i cleaned the attic with the wife the other day. now i can't get the cobwebs out of her hair.
                                                                               i'm never mean to a girl in glasses, because she will most likely turn out to be hot and popular by the end of the movie.
                                                                                     "so, doctor, do i have cancer or not?" "oh jesus christ, holy shit, tons of it," said the doctor to martin shkreli.
                                                                                                          q: what is the best blonde secretary in the  world to have? a: one that never misses a period.
                                                                                                                           how are the oakland raiders like the mailman? neither one delivers on sunday!
                                                                                                    i know it shouldn't it make me feel bad about myself, but why didn't a priest ever try to molest me?
                                                                                                                                if i turn the food pyramid upside down it's way easier to eat out of it.
                                                                                                                                          what do you call a black man flying plane? a pilot you racist.
                                                                                                                                                two nuts were walking down a street... one was assaulted
                                                                                 most people don't realize the hunchback of notre dame's back problems were a result of his grueling database entry job.
                                                                                                                                          what do you call an archer who got his arms cut off? deranged.
                                                                                                                                                  how many times do i have to flush before you go away? 
                                                             "do you know why i pulled one over on you?" becau- wait what? "i'm not a real cop lol" haha nice! *pulls gun* "i am taking your car though"
                                                                                                                                                       money is the root of all larger amounts of money.
                                                                                                                                      did you hear about the earthquake in korea? it was seoul crushing.
                                                                                                                                           where do you shop for a pregnant cow? the mooternity section.
                                                                                                         why did the grapes gang rape and sodomize the orange with a chain saw? they found him apeeling.
                                                                                                                                             did you hear about the dyslexic who sold his soul to santa?
                                                              if the trader joe's cashier doesn't say "i love these" about anything you're buying, you have to put it all back and start over. #sorrybro
                                                                                                                                                the difference between snowmen and snowwomen. snowballs.
                                                             [all the dairy products r hanging out] milk: lets go drink cheese: yea yogurt: yea whipped cream: my gf says i cant. its scrapbooking night
                                                                                            so i was trying to come up with a short joke about catholic priests... but all the little ones were taken :v
                                                                                               you're so poor i saw you kicking a can across the street i asked you what you were doing you said moving.
                                                            coworker: how old is our boss? me: cut him in half & count the rings cw: doesn't that only work on trees? me: *over chainsaw noises* he's 38
                                                                                        i need to start paying closer attention to stuff. found out today my wife and i have separate names for the cat.
                                                                                                                                 what do they call the hunger games in france? battle royale with cheese
                                                                                                           what are the 2 biggest lies men tell? 1) the check's in the mail 2) i won't cum in your mouth
                                                                                                               why did sally fall off the swings? she had no arms. knock, knock. who's there? not sally.
                                                                                                                                                if her weight ends in ounces she's too young for you bro
                                                                                                                                                     a flying pig defecated on me today. i shit you not.
                                                                                 i wonder how much more i would have time to accomplish in my life if hotel lamp switches were always in the same place.
                                                                                    before college i didn't have a degree, or money, or any idea what i was doing with my life. but now i have a degree.
                                                                                                                                                     why was the tree stretching? so it could be timber!
                                                                                                                                 show me a piano falling down a mineshaft and i'll show you a flat minor
                                                                                                        boss: you're an hour late guy who's about to invent daylight savings time: oh you haven't heard?
                                                                                                                                                      what do you call a fat psychic? a four chin teller
                                 my wife said she would come back home to me if i promised to give up my obsession with wanking on the staircase. i said, "okay, but can we take it one step at a time?"
                                                                                                      my wife is addicted to goji berries but i wish she was addicted to something cheaper like cocaine.
                                                                                                                                what does a robot do at the end of a one night stand? he nuts and bolts.
                                                                                               how many american cops does it take to change a lightbulb? none, they just shoot the room for being black
                                                                                                                                                           with apologies to books, tits are way better.
                                                                                                                                                      why did the koala bear get a job? he was koalified
                                                                  1. loan someone a pocket knife. 2. take it back by wrapping it in a rag. 3. explain you need a knife with someone else's prints on it.
                                                                                                                                                                 what's a cat's favorite color? purrple.
                                                                                        what's the difference between finebros and humiliation pornstars? humiliation pornstars get the money they want.
                                                                                                                  this unit not available for individual resale. -tattoo on a retired prostitute's back.
                                                                   the george dubya bush presidential library burned down... all three books were destroyed. two of em hadn't even been coloured in yet.
                                         what are the 5 best vegetables of all time? tink about it. gai lan, gai lan... gai lan, gai lan, and gai lan. (thanks to chapelle show skit((making the band)))
                                                                            day 1 of being kidnapped. kidnappers are now offering my husband a ransom to take me back. husband is asking for more money.
                                      serious top linked post on /r/science made me laugh: "giant methane storms on uranus" original link: http://phys.org/news/2015-03-giant-methane-storms-uranus.html
                                                                                                                      first cannibal: we had burglars last night.  second cannibal: did they taste good?
                                                                                                                                                   what do you call chips that aren't yours? nacho chips
                                                                                                                                         sorry i rubbed your belly for good luck, wealth and prosperity.
                                                                                                                                           tifu by picking up a dead bee. it wasn't. now my thumb hurts.
                                                                                                                                         there is only one rule for when you're in mexico trust no juan.
                                                                                                                 what does hitler's asshole and the 7 dwarves have in common? they both enjoy mein shaft
                                                                                                                                     i would never buy a plastic 3d printed car unless it came with abs.
                                    french people and france when god created france it was beautiful, and great. the rest of the world was so jeaulous...so to make it equal god created french people.
                                                                                                  in england butchers price meat by how they smell... ...a good sirloin costs about 10 pounds per scent.
                                                                                                                                                   "sup man? yeaah, i'm incorporated." - business casual
                                                                                             the beauty of meditation is it helps instill inner peace in someone that makes it easy to pick his pockets.
                                                                                                                                  i just pictured my life.....and there isn't room for you in the frame.
                                                                                                                                                    what is an injured persons favorite movie? cast away
                                                                                                                    do you know you can't hang a man with a wooden leg in maine? you have to use a rope.
                                                                                                                                    what song did scar sing when he fixed his car horn? beep repaired...
                                                                                                                                        kills two mosquitoes with spray. *writes deadly assassin in bio*
                                                                    teacher i can't solve this problem. any five year old should be able to solve this one. no wonder i can't do it then i'm nearly ten!
                                                                                                  jobs i'd be shit at: -brain surgeon -rocket scientist -ventriloquist -goat herder -sober person thingy
                                                                            bouncy balls are super fun if you love to play with something very briefly, then spend 45 minutes looking for it in a shrub.
                                                                                                                            you should never lie through your teeth. open your mouth and speak properly.
                                                                                                                                          two hefty guys are drinking in the pub, one says "your round."
                                                                                                                                 why did the monster go into hospital? to have his ghoul-stones removed.
                                                                                                                             i know many chemistry jokes... but im afraid they wont get a good reaction.
                                                             [roulette] me: [slaps table] 50 on red croupier: sir that is 50 pictures of celine dion me: yes and if i win [grabs him] you owe me 50 more
                                                                                                                                                    where does napoleon keep his armies? in his sleevies
                                                                                                  after what happened to lance armstrong i'm kinda worried they are gonna come after my bowling trophies
                                                                            what is the difference between a baby and a feminist? eventually, the baby grows up and stops crying. edit: this turned fun!
                                                                                                                 what's the similarity between free healthcare and good jokes? americans don't get them.
                                                               just convinced the teen up the street that he needs to change the winter air out of his tires and put in summer air. don't do dope, kids.
                                                                                                                                                                                need an ark? i noah guy.
                                                                                                                          facebook told me my new password was too long... all i typed in was "my dick".
                                                                                                                                             my uncle once ejaculated on me glad i got that off my chest
                                                                                                                                                                                i just clogged a urinal?
                                                                                                     there are 2 kinds of programmers those who understand pointers and segmentation fault (core dumped)
                                                   "the interview" joke kim jong un walks past a movie theater and sees a movie poster for "the interview." he says "i wouldn't be caught dead in that."
                                                                           you know what i love about our relationship? we don't always need to talk. we can just sit here quietly disliking each other.
                                                                                                                                                                            gay men are fucking assholes
                                                                                                                                why can't two elephants go swimming? -they only have one pair of trunks.
                                                                                                          don't take it personally if i don't like you. some of my best friends are people i don't like.
                                                                                                        def need a " facebook filter" to prevent all the weddings and babies from showing up on my feed.
                                                            thank you, iphone predictive text, for sending my mother a message that said "woooofuckyeah!" there's no joke here except i'm 30 & grounded.
                                                                                                                                 what has 132 legs and 8 teeth? the front row of a garth brooks concert.
                                                                                                                          why couldn't the candle get any sleep? because there's no rest for the wicked.
                                                                *takes selfie, sends to wife* wife: "no." *takes pants off* *tries on another pair in the gap change room* *takes selfie, sends to wife*
                                                                                                                                                             what is snoop dogg's favorite note? high g.
                                                                                      i've been dating this really sweet homeless guy. i think it's getting serious. he's asked me to move out with him.
                                                                            wife: the police are here asking about a break in at the pet store me from within a pile of puppies: tell them i'm not here.
                                                                                                                                                   what do you call a knight made out of clay? sir amick
                                                                                                                            personality is 40% genetics, 40% upbringing, and 20% the last book you read.
                                                                                         how many dead prostitutes does it take to change a light bulb? more than ten because my basement is still dark.
                                                                                                                       dear readers of reddit, what is the best insult/comeback you've ever thrown down?
                                                                                                                                                            i was going to make a gay joke butt fuck it.
                                                                                                                             i like my women like i like whiskey... ...12 years old and mixed up in coke
                                                                                                                                               good cop: cover me! dad cop: *tucks him in* snug as a bug
                                                                                                                                 their are two sides to a political argument. right wing and wrong wing.
                                                                                                                why did the scientist install a knocker on his door? he wanted to win the no bell prize!
                                                                                                        "no, no. no! no!" - guy who invented black ski masks after people started using them for robbing
                                                                      "hi, i'm justin timberlake." *notices that he's actually a large body of salt water, not fresh water* "nice try, mr. timberocean."
                                                                                                                                                 how does an ugly guy get the girl? all he needs is game
                                                                                                                                                     what do you call a dead baby hanging on a wall? art
                                                                                            i recently had sex with a biologist at her laboratory. i don't like to brag, but she had multiple organisms.
                                                                                                                                                 what does an asian chicken sound like? bok bok bok choy
                                                                                          one time i was checking out this really hot girl and she paid me for it because i was a grocery store cashier.
                                              help, i need nerd jokes the average high school student can understand. something along these lines, why can't you trust an atom? they make up everything.
                                                                               i hate it when restraining orders get in the way of meaningful relationships. well played future wife. you win this round
                                                                                                                                                       my brother shit himself.... my mom said holy shit
                                                  a nurse goes to the bank as she is about to sign her name on the deposit slip she pulls out a rectul thermometer, "awww crap some asshole has my pen."
                                                                                                  what's the difference between jesus and a picture of jesus? it only takes one nail to hang the picture
                                                                  a black shape emerges from your attic; all you can see are claws. you've made $4000 in 30 minutes working from home, but at what cost?
                                                                                         there should be only one world's greatest dad shirt. and you should have to kill the previous owner to wear it.
                                                                                                          q: why did the scientist install a knocker on his door? a: he wanted to win the no bell prize!
                                                                                                                                                   i went to high five robin williams he left me hanging
                                                            i can't remember where i parked my car an hour ago but i can recall how stupid i was at 20. please god erase that memory & bring back my car
                                                                                tacky on you, that outfit is! tacky on who? [tachyon!](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/tachyon) who's there? knock, knock!
                                                                                         me: wake up son! son: just 30 more minutes please me: i'm borrowing your phone son jumps of the bed: i'm awake!
                                                                                                                                       the french i can speak fluent french, watch this... "i surrender"
                                                                                                                                                           i've never grabbed less than fifteen napkins.
                                                                me: you a good personal trainer? him: you bet your emotionally distant dad i am. me: [through tears] wow, that's personal. you're hired.
                                                                                                                                              what should you do when people talk behind your back? fart
                                                                                                                                 people in dubai don't like the flintstones. but people in abu dhabi do!
                                                                           people who go to the store and buy the single roll of toilet paper must not have an optimistic view of their life expectancy.
                                                                                                                                       from now on, i'm referring to my ex girlfriends as "yesterbae's."
                             a german man and woman are having sex, and an american walks in... the american shouts "gross!" and turns away. the german man looks toward him and smiles, saying "danke!"
                                                                                                                                   why did the leper crash his car? he left his foot on the accelerator.
                                                                                                 why couldn't the crime scene investigators find the murder weapon? they thought it was a piece of cake.
                                                                                   i heard frogs love to go on reddit, they talk about it all the time... i always hear them saying "reddit...reddit..."
                                                                                                    95% of the men's fashion budget on 'american idol' goes to leather cuff bracelets and wallet chains.
                                                                       "more than 1 way to skin a cat" - "killing 2 birds with 1 stone" - running like a chicken with its head cut off" -- who are we???
                                                                                                                                                               what do you call a smart pig? swinestein.
                                                                                                            *taps on a super old dude's oxygen tank* you know that you can get this stuff for free right
                                                                     it was the best of times, it was the worst of times. it was the s'mores of pop-tarts, it was the unfrosted strawberry of pop-tarts.
                                                             i covered myself from head to toe in mirrors today. i don't really know why, maybe i'm just at that age where you do a lot of reflecting...
                                                                                                                                                    i thought game of thrones was a show about bathrooms
                                                                                                      why did sally fall of the swing ? she didn't have any arms . knock-knock who's there ? not sally !
                                                                    [at dinner] wife: this is terrible. me: horrible. waiter: hey folks, how's your food? (simultaneously) wife: amazing! me: fantastic!
                                                                                                                           why was the electrolytic solution taken to court? it was charged with a salt.
                                                                [starbucks] me: can i take some wifi home with me? barista: um. sure(?) me: [holds tupperware container in the air & closes lid] thanks.
                                                                 the home cooked pizza box says to cook the pizza between 14 and 16 minutes. that's 15 minutes, right? i'm not reading too much into it?
                                                                                                        i accidentally hit a little kid with my car. it wasn't serious. nobody saw me. anthony jeselnik.
                                                                                                                                         if you see a glass as half empty, pour it into a smaller glass.
                                                                                                           i've had a shitty week. i either want to curl up in the fetal position or the fecal position.
                                                               the most determined look i've ever seen on a human being is the airline passenger trying to fit a large suitcase in a small overhead bin.
                                                                                                                                                                   a female plumber? yeah, i'd tap that.
                                                                                                                                                    what does a martial artist get at starbucks chai tea
                                                                                                                                              the sun is a star. so technically it's night all the time.
                                                                                                                                                i started teaching rednecks spanish se habla espan ya'll
                                                                                                   just killed a cricket at work, and, long story short, i'm now being asked to audition for riverdance.
                                                                                                                                                               my neck, my back. my pizza and my snacks.
                                                                                                                                                 there's no ''i'' in team... but there's a ''u' in cunt.
                                                                                          your love is like vicodin. you take away my pain but make me sick to stomach afterwards and you're also white.
                                                                                                                                                    have you ever had ethiopian food? neither have they.
                                                                                                                                           what did the cannibal do after dumping his girlfriend? wiped.
                                                                                                                                                       what does a neckbeard eat for breakfast? pankeks.
                                                                                                         knock knock. who's there? dragon ball z. dragon ball z who? find out next time on dragon ball z
                                                              i love killing for fun "sociopath! arrest him!" i mean i love hunting "why didn't you say so my good man, want to kill together sometime?"
                                                                                                                                   sorry i got drunk and said and did everything i wanted to say and do.
                                                                                                                                                    where should you drown a hipster? in the mainstream.
                                                                                                            how did oj respond when his son asked to borrow the car? &gt;only if you go aks your mother.
                                                                                                                       what's the best thing about having sex with 23 year olds? there's twenty of them.
                                                                                                                                                  why are toblerones triangular prisms to fit in the box
                                                                                             if your uncle jack was on his roof, and he wanted you to help him down, would you help your uncle jack off?
                                                                                                                          how can you go broke making twinkies when two states just legalized marijuana?
                                                                      the plot of hitman is that greg hitman is just trying to go about his day but wacky things always seem to happen when he's around!
                                                                                                                                   what do you get when you cross the atlantic with the titanic? halfway
                                                                                       if you come to my front door with a clip board i will just ask you if your clip board is an ipad until you leave.
                                                                                           what's the difference between a drug dealer and a hooker? only a hooker can wash her crack and sell it again.
                                                                                                                                                     dad's last words "why hello, serious, my name's..."
                                                                                                           there should be a 5 second rule when girls start to cry where they can take it back. win-win.
                                                            the movie scarface taught us that abusing cocaine can lead to making bad decisions--for example: the script, the soundtrack, and the acting.
                                                                              on reddit you get crucified for not checking your facts... but on tumblr you get beheaded for not checking your privelage.
                                                            this looks like a job for... claustrophobic man (runs into a phone booth) (runs out, crying) no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no n-
                                                                                                       what kind of fuel does the iron giant run on? vin diesel! : d source: http://youtu.be/dmi_pcjq6wo
                                                                                                                           reddit's post limit reminds me of the cleveland show 1 joke every 10 minutes.
                                                                                                                             why do elephants and stoners get along so well? ....uh.. i don't remember..
                                                                                                                                 do you know where i can buy tickets to the gun show? at the armitorium.
                                                                                                                                                                i am a joke and my kid is the punch line
                                                                                                                   it's like my fridge sends texts inviting all my friends over the moment i fill it up.
                                                   when my buddy smokes weed with me, he calls it smoking me out. apparently bringing over a pizza and eating him out means something totally different.
                                                                                 the guy next door just put up his christmas lights... i bet he's pissed because i beat him, i put mine up 5 years ago..
                                                                the only thing more predictable than the conspiracy theories is some people's inability to distinguish indonesia from malaysia. #airasia
                                                                                     why did the polish government have to finally ban water-polo throughout the country? too many horses were drowning.
                                                                                                                                       how is sandusky like a tortoise? he gets there before the hair...
                                                                                               you don't need to tell me that i'm not your cup of tea. i am well aware that i'm not a cup of tea, idiot.
                                                                                                          why should you always carry a knife around? because sharp wits won't always give you the edge.
                                                                                                                     what do you call a homosexual on roller skates? rolaids. -courtesy of bro team pill
                                                                                                                                                            what's the stupidest joke you've ever heard?
                                 guy calls his doctor... he says, "i figured out what's been causing the pain, doc. avocado!" doctor: "did you research that?" guy: "no, i just pulled it out of my ass"
                                                                    they offered me money to promote a product in my twitter account, but my dignity is strong, as axion "the true grease stain remover"
                                                                                                                       why do people say clean as a whistle? whistles aren't clean, they're full of spit
                                                                                                                                                                                           "yolnt" -cats
                                                                                              what did the muslim zoophiliac say when he found out his friend was a beekeeper? "dicks out for haram bee"
                                                                                                                                    paul walker was a great guy throwing a barbecue street side for free
                                       a double amputee was brought in for questioning after a shooting at a local convenience store. police released the man soon after they discovered he was unarmed.
                                                                                                      my friend really changed onced she decided to be a vegetarian it's like i've never known herbivore
                                                                                                                                                   if you jumped off a bridge in paris you'd be in seine
                                                                                                                          i rented some heavy lifting equipment in kiev from a company called you crane.
                                        i asked a librarian if there are any books on discrimination against people in wheelchairs. she replied "yes, it's up the stairs, on the top shelf to the left."
                                                                                                                       of all the different types of pornography ... i'd say animal porn is the bestial.
                                                                                             always carry a newspaper or magazine so you appear to be preoccupied. - stalker handbook page 2 paragraph 3
                                                                                                    how many flies does it take to screw in a light bulb? two. but i want to know how they got in there.
                                                                                                                            where's the best view of falling stars in los angeles? the betty ford clinic
                                                                                                                                                what did the jewish baby say to the rabbi? keep the tip.
                                                                                                                          what's a reporter's favorite food? ice cream because they always want a scoop!
                                                                                                             knock knock who's there? yo mama yo mama who? yo mama so old she invented knock knock jokes
                                                                                                              i just raced a smart car. he barely beat me, but that's only cuz i stopped to tie my shoe.
                                                                                                       knock knock...who's there?.........9/11.....9/11 who? "i thought you said you'd never forget...."
                                            a family walks into a hotel... the dad walks up to the desk and says "i hope the porn is disabled." the receptionist says "it's regular porn you sick fuck."
                                                                                        there are two things i hate in this world... people who are intolerant of other people's cultures and the dutch.
                                                                                                                                  what do you get when you cross a pig and a christmas tree? a porcupine
                                                                    why do chicken coops only have two doors? (x-post from /r/adviceanimals) because if they had four doors it would be a chicken sedan!
                                                                                                                                                   "does my uniform make me look fat?" -insecurity guard
                                                                                                                               don't say "tits." it's crass and disrespectful. instead, say "lady tits."
                                                                            how many hippies does it take to screw in a lightbulb? hippies don't screw in lightbulbs, they screw in dirty sleeping bags.
                                                                                                 my desires are... unconventional. (hands you a phone and makes you call my boss and quit my job for me)
                                                                                                    apparently organ donation has to be *your own* organ and this police officer has a lot of questions.
                                                                                                           "make it look like i live in a cheesecake factory." - nba players to their interior designers
                                                                                                                                              i put my phone on airplane mode and now i can't find it...
          what is a ninja's favorite beverage? wa-tahhhhh! edit: **notbenstar** and **dogboyboy** are correct... ninjas are silent killers. so, it should read: "what is bruce lee's favorite beverage."
                                                                              what did sean connery say when a book from his cupboard fell on him? i can only blame my shelf. shout out to /r/shubreddit
                     in the motorcycle safety course they tell you that target fixation is bad, where your eyes are looking is where you usually end up. must be why i keep running over female joggers.
                                                                                                    the carwash is a great place to meet other millionaires who for some reason don't have garden hoses.
                                                                             when my friends are sad, i send them a long ass paragraph, but when i'm sad, they only say "oh sorry" or "well that sucks".
                                                                                                                                           helen keller walks into a bar.... then a chair, then a table.
                                                            him: let's get you out of that dress. me: be careful him: why? me: if you tug at my spanx hard enough, i'll pop open like a can of biscuits.
                                                                     i'll always remember the day my wife said "yes" to my proposal. and i'll never forget that it was the last thing we ever agreed on.
                                                                                                                                         what did the baby corn say to the mom corn ? where is popcorn ?
                                                                                                                                     why don't paperclips move around a lot? they like being stationery.
                                                                                                               my grandma won the local grocery store's anual dance competition. she didn't miss a beet.
                                                                                                                                     what do you call a woman who throws letters in the fire? bernadette
                                                                                    how do you tell... how do you tell when your girlfriend is getting fat? she starts fitting into your wife's clothes!
                                                                                                                             opportunity knocks once, however temptation likes to lean on the door bell.
                                                                                                                             a termite walks into a bar... and says "excuse me, is the bar tender here?"
                                                                                                                                                    what do you call the prequel to the purge? the binge
                                                                                                                                                  missed connection: you were "a woman" & i am "lonely."
                                                                                                                   show her how romantic you are by sprinkling body parts in a trail leading to the bed.
                                                                                                                                                    what do you call a vietnamese turkey? gobbledy gook.
                                                                                                                    why do so many black people believe in god? its the only father they will ever know.
                                                             the unemployment rate rose to 9.8% and twitter is expected to see about a 10% hike to hit 200 million users by new year's. coincidence? no.
                                                                               i just read this article...did you know 50% of asian business men have cataracts... the other half drive rincoln towncars
                                                              thought it would be romantic to serenade this girl with some elvis. i swear that's the last time i sing "you ain't nothin but a hound dog"
                                                              wife: he's always rewriting the past.. therapist: is this true? me: [doesn't hear because i'm typing 'shrek killed hitler' into wikipedia]
                                                                                                             what do religion and a penis have in common? wave it in someone's face and they'll get mad!
                                                                                                                          cheap prostitutes are like coffee if you put your dick in them it's gonna burn
                                                                                                                                                did you hear the one about stevie wonder? neither did he
                                                                                                                            knock knock who's there? do you ya do you ya who? no, it's 2014 i use google
                            a man deserves a woman who he enjoys spending time with, who can fulfill his desires, and who can cook. but most importantly, he must make sure that these women never meet.
                                                                                                                                                what do you call a ship that drives itself? auto-pirate.
                                                                                        a customer walks in to a chemist's. "i would like some deodorant please" the chemist replies "ball, or aerosol?"
                                                                                                                                        if you see someone crying, ask if it's because of their haircut.
                                                                                                                                        what do you call a woman with egg and sausage on here face? cafe
                                                                                       you know what is ironic about whitney houston dying in her bath tub? she was taking swimming lessons at that time
                                                                                                                                 the teacher asked simon to say his name  backwards. "no mis" he replied
                                                                                                                           a jewish lawyer lost his job he celebrated the occasion with a disbar-mitzvah
                                                                                                        how do you react when looking in the mirror? you cry because you shoved a cactus up your peckar.
                                                                                                                                                           turn that robert frowney jr upside downey jr.
                                                                                                            last night i dreamed i was eating a pillow when i woke up, my 10 pound marshmallow was gone.
                                                                                                            i've been taking my flintstones' vitamins daily, but i still can't start a car with my feet.
                                                                                             this hating of people that breastfeed in public should really stop... i can raise my cat any way i want to.
                                                                                                                                                     an irishman walks into an aa meeting. just kidding.
                                                                                                                          what`s the difference between chinese people and racism? racism has many faces
                                                                                                                                                      jews rated their trip to auschwitz it was one star
                                                                  why do hunters make better lovers? - they penetrate deep into the bush... - they shoot at least twice... - they eat what they shoot...
                                                                         i don't watch wedding shows and get excited about getting married but i do watch dateline and get excited about being murdered.
                                                                                                         me: better check my phone for texts from friends me: *checks phone* me: better get some friends
                                                                                                              gotta hand it to babies... ...because their short, stupid little arms can't reach anything
                                                                                                                                                                          what's a riot? three dyslexics
                                                                                                                                         why'd the chicken cross the road? to show a deer how it's done.
                                                                                                                                               subtracting the average from a distributing is demeaning.
                                                                  darn it a man was walking around his backyard in his stocking feet and stubbed his toe on a rock. his sock exclaimed "i'll be darned!"
                                                                           there are 400 billion birds in the world, 250,000 planes, and one superman. so, in answer to your question - probably a bird.
                                                                                                                                                   mom, you're embarrassing me in front of the hostages!
                                                                               if only africa had more mosquito nets then every year we could save millions of mosquito's from dying needlessly of aids.
                                                                                                                       til that 70% of statistics are made up on the spot. ...like for example this one.
                                                                                                                                                     a picture so sexy my computer just covered my eyes.
                                                                                                                                                   want to hear a joke about sodium hypobromite? nabro!!
                                                                                                                                                                   what are some great video game jokes?
                                                                                                                                 i was going to make a joke about asians... ...but that would be waisis.
                                                                                                                          why do fire departments have dalmatians? to help the firemen find the hydrants
                                                                                                       german jesus why jesus not born in germany?there was not three wise men and not one virgin around
                                                                                                                                                what do cannibals call family members they love? bae-kin
                                to all you single ladies out there, as winter slowly approaches i am offering you a good high quality man blanket for this winter. claim me now while supplies last. . .
                                                                                          virgins in paradise? suck my balls, al qaeda; i got a jacuzzi full of sluts right here in southern california.
                                                              my friend keeps saying "cheer up dude it could be worse, you could be stuck underground in a hole full of water" i'm sure he means well...
                                                                                                                                 my dad used to warn me about anal he said "son, this might hurt a bit."
                                                                                                                                                   so they're selling crack in my neighborhood.. finally
                      an imperial roman soldier was wounded on the battlefield. his life was saved when he was time traveled to the modern world to be hooked up to an iv. he asked, "what is that for?"
                                                                                         i broke up with my girlfriend because i like my women like i like my coffee without other people's dicks in it.
                                                                                    the man entered his home and was absolutely delighted when he discovered someone has stolen every lamp in his house.
                                                                                                                           it's unseasonably warm in new york. let's go outside and stare at our phones.
                                                              what did the popular astrophysicist's father say to him after his cleat came undone at soccer practice? "kneel in the grass and tie, son."
                                                                          working for sanitation truly is a thankless job not only do you have to take your boss's shit, you have to deal with everyones
                                                                                                     do flashers have dreams where they leave the house and suddenly realize they've got their pants on?
                                                                                                                   women seem to want security. at least that's what they yell whenever i approach them.
              an old man goes to the gym... an old man goes to the gym and asks a trainer, "i want to impress young beautiful girls. what's the best machine i can use?" the trainer responds, "the atm"
                                                                                                                                      what do you call a row of boxers-in-training? a shitty punch line.
                                                                                                                                my girlfriend accused me of cheating first it was my wife and now her...
                                                                       does it creep anyone else out that donald duck eats a turkey dinner on 'once upon a christmas'? isn't that a form of cannibalism?
                                                                                                                            why do they call it a cheese grater? because nothing is greater than chesse.
                                                                                                  if i had a dollar for every girl that found me unattractive, they would eventually find me attractive.
                                                                                                               so i was going to tell you a joke about a broken pencil... but nevermind, it's pointless.
                                                                                                                                                                     being a secretary must really suck.
                                                                                     i worked at a chili's when i was in college, which is so embarrassing. i usually just tell people i was a stripper.
                                                                                                                                what's the difference between a jew and a canoe? sometimes a canoe tips!
                                                                         - how many iraqis does it take to launch a  scud missile? - two. one to launch it one to watch cnn to find out where it landed.
                                                               i flip off the rollercoaster camera, then buy a mug with the picture on it, ride it again, flip off the camera again while sipping my mug
                                                                                                                                                  how do sheep keep warm in winter ?  central bleating !
                                                                                                                          what do you do when you're racist and all the immigrants exhaust you? you kip.
                                                                                                                                             why was hitler late to his meeting? he couldn't heil a cab.
                                                                                                                      i'm not racist, but black people sure were nicer before the civil rights movement.
                                                                          why are c programmers poor? they don't have any inheritance. or... why should you not date a c programmer? they have no class.
                                                                                                                                                         what has 5 fingers but isn't your hand? my hand
                                                                                                                                                     do not talk about molestation it's a touchy subject
                                                                                                                                         knock knock whos there the who the who who? who are you who who
                                                                                                                                practicing karate in my driveway to strike fear into potential burglars.
                                                                                                        i shot my first turkey today! scared the shit out of everyone in the frozen food section though.
                                      a pickup like i thought of when i was younger. if i was a duck and you were a fish, and we were swimming in the same pond, what would that make me? on top of you.
                                                            men are creepy, super creepy, but also a lady just stood on the same escalator step as me and lit a lighter and just held it the whole ride.
                                                a warm toilet seat... a warm toilet seat is like fucking a prostitute. it feels amazing at first but you can't help but wonder who was there before you.
                                                            [first date] "so... you didn't mention that you're trapped in 230 million year old amber." [my motionless eyes glint within my golden shell]
                                                                                                                             "where is the remote?" "all the way over there." "guess i'm watching this."
                                                                                                                                                            a frog goes into a bank... only to *robbit*.
                                                                                                                                  come on, there has got to be at least one business like show business.
                                                                                                                           god to now go through your old tweets before making final decision on heaven.
                                                                                                           i think the lady at the movies is "shushing" me, but i can't tell because i'm eating doritos.
                                                      is it considered sexual assault to masturbate while cyber bullying? if so, i owe a pretty heartfelt apology to some members of playstationnetwork.
                                                                                                                                                   there's way too much blood in my alcohol system today
                                                                                                                                                     the least offensive joke ever. the french military.
                                                                                                (nsfw) they've finally published my self-help book about having sex with herbs it's about fucking thyme.
                                                                                                                         it's so cute how fish just can't contain their excitement when you cuddle them.
                                                                                                                                      what do you call 16 white american people? a full blooded cherokee
                                                                                          [therapy] me: *in tears* so anyway, that's why i think she left me person on elevator: please, i have a family
                                                                                                                                         wanna hear a joke about pizza? nevermind.. it's way too cheesy.
                                                                                                                          "how many fingers do i have up?" - a gynecologist who thinks he's really funny
                                                                                                               i'm not saying i don't like you, but if you had an open wound i'd hand you a salt shaker.
                                                                                                           my wife and i just had a daughter and named her junejulyaugust. we call her summer for short.
                                                                                                                                                                       car's favorite dance? brake dance
                                                                                                                        never argue with someone who knows fancier words than you. like 'responsibility'
                                                   what's the difference between a dilapidated, run down bus stop and a big breasted lobster? one's a crusty bus station, the others a busty crustacean.
                                                            [sinking ship] captain: dammit rat: i'm leaving captain: i'm staying captain's goldfish: [in fishbowl] i'm excited to see how this plays out
                                                                                                                                    i started a band called 999 megabytes... we haven't got a gig yet...
                                                                                                                                        my mood ring was stolen today. i'm not sure how i feel about it.
                                                                                                                                     what do you call a snake that studies past events? a hissssstorian.
                                                                                                                                                                one good turn gets most of the blankets.
                                                            how many kids do you think wolverine has? because a vasectomy would heal in seconds and he doesn't look like he'd wear a rubber or pull out.
                                                                                                       ladies if it takes you more than a hour to get ready, then you ain't as cute as you think you are
                                                                                 the lesbian couple next door got me a rolex for my birthday. i think they misunderstood what i meant by "i wanna watch"
                                                                                                                                                 q: why can't helen keller drive? a: because she's dead.
                                                                                                                      i wish i could remember how the hell i ignored people before i owned a cell phone.
                                                                                                                            if bars can say no to drunk people why won't mcdonalds say no to fat people?
                                                                                                                      excuse me, but do you need the jaws of life? because damn girl, you're crushin' it
                                                                                                                                         how many catholics does it take to change a lightbulb? change?!
                                                                                                                *magneto flapping his wrist frantically, trying to shake loose a fork stuck to his hand*
                                                                                                      what's the difference between a hooker and jesus? the look on their face when you're nailing them.
                                                                                                                  found out the difference between onions and men. i don't cry when i'm chopping up men.
                                                                                                                                                             my math teacher called me average how mean.
                                                            wife: why was that guy yelling at you? [flashback to me ignoring the "one per customer" sign] me [with a mouthful of cheese samples] no idea
                                                                                                                                                                          hi girl r u a beaver? cuz dam.
                                                                                                                                       what does mr. miyagi do when he gets home from a date? he wax off
                                                                                                                                               pictures of rich missing kids should go on the back of 1%
                                                                  apples on trees dad - hey son, how many apples grow on trees? son - i don't know dad, how many? dad - all apples grow on trees, silly.
                                                                          the prequel to 16 & pregnant could be called "15 & fully trusted by her parents to make good decisions, we love you brittani."
                                                                                                                                               what do dyslexic sysadmins eat for breakfast? cronflakes.
                                                                                                                                                socialist jokes are not funny unless everyone gets them.
                                                                                                 interviewer: it says here on your resume that you're good at small talk? me: yes interviewer: holy shit
                                                                                                                                               the last item on my bucket list is dying. how convenient.
                                                                                                                  my brother... likes driving black and white f1 race cars. they call him the f1 racist.
                                                                                                                                     i actually have to see a specialist for daily sex. i mean dyslexia.
                                                                                                                                       i kicked my rear-view mirror addiction... i'm never looking back.
                                                                                                          last night i was visited by the ghost of gloria gaynor at first i was afraid, i was petrified.
                                                                                                                                                        shut up, you'll never be the man your mother is.
                                                               video games are cool because they allow a diversity of themes. whether the old west, mars or middle ages, u can go there and shoot a dude
                                                                                                                                                 here's a joke about my senior year of college. i tried.
                                                                                                                                                       if you steal a tesla... does it become an edison?
                                                                                                                                          i like to name my hotdog "the moment"... ...so i can relish it
                                                               detective: ok forensics is finished. i'll start here and you- dog cop: i'll mark our territory [dog cop pees around the crime scene tape]
                                                                                                                                          what's the hardest part of a vegetable to eat? the wheelchair!
                                                                                                             i hate when people ask me what i see myself doing in 5 years...... i don't have 2020 vision
                                                                                                            oh ok thanks for the tip, i was actually planning on letting the bed bugs bite but good call
                                                                                                a mathematician was constipated, how did he solve his problem? he worked it out with a pencil and paper.
                                                                                                                                            what's brightly coloured and looks good on raver kids? fire.
                                                                                                                 a girl's ass is like an onion... ...it'll give you really bad breath if you eat it raw!
                                                                                                                      why did the cowboy buy a dachshund? 'cause he wanted to git a long, little doggie.
                                                                                                                              yo momma so black when she goes swimming poeple thinks shes and oil spill.
                                                                                                                       what did the cork say to the bottle? if you don't behave yourself, i'll plug you.
                                                                  hey girls if you sleep with a guy then tell them you're pregnant they'll give you a bunch of money for an abortion i have like 50 cars
                                                                                                     did you hear about the kid who fixed the internet? the internet: 7/10 the internet with rice: 10/10
                                                                                    did you hear about the hunter who traded a prize deer for a high class prostitute? he got the best bang for his buck
                                                                                                                                                       a jewish redditor made a foreskin joke. [removed]
                                                                                                                                               i just opened an abortion clinic.. no fetus can defeat us
                                                                                  what's the difference between the holocaust and the boston marathon bombing? the boston marathon bombing ended a race.
                                                           "male"-sexual don't worry, that doesn't mean i'm gay it just means, anything that comes in a mailbox... ...makes me want to cum in a mailbox.
                                        what are the four food groups? for bachelors: fast frozen junk and spoiled. for drinkers: malt hops barley and yeast. for heavies: caffeine fat sugar chocolate.
                                                                                                        what's the difference between lamar odom and a hooker? a hooker can wash her crack and reuse it.
                                                                                                                               what kind of bee will not take credit for his contributions? a humblebee.
                                                                                                                                              sucks the usa lost. now we can't keep watching tv at work.
                                                                                                                 what's the best part about sleeping with twenty five year olds? there's twenty of them.
                                                                                                                    what do you call a gaping hole in your chest that smells like fish? vagina pectoris!
                                                             damn girl, you got a butt that won't quit *butt pulls out a knife* wait, no- *butt stabs me* no, stop- *butt doesn't stop* ...et tu, bootay
                                                             pregnancy tests in movies are so weird... she hands him the test and he stands there holding this stick of pee like it isn't a stick of pee
                                                                                                                                          i was gonna say a joke about the disabled, but... it was lame.
                                                                                                                                                 cripple jokes are terrible... i just cant stand them...
                                                                                                                     i prefer masturbating with coconut oil as opposed to lotion it just cums naturally.
                                                                                                                                       i scratch your back, you scratch mine. we die from loss of blood.
                                                                                                                                        a blonde walks into a library... no, that's it. that's the joke.
                                                                                               so i organized a three-way last night... there was a couple of no-shows, but overall, it worked out fine.
                                                                                                                                               i'm having an introvert party and you're all not invited.
                                                                                                                                                          did anyone ever find out who let the dogs out?
                                                                                                                                               let's vote the pool water off that celebrity diving show.
                                                                                                                          farmer what did the farmer say when he lost his tractor? "where's my tractor?"
                                                                                                                                 having a dirty mind makes ordinary conversations much more interesting.
                                                                                                                                                 my friend grabs something in my pocket it was deez nuts
                                                         royal canadian mounted police ("mountie") joke did you hear about the near-sighted mountie?...he tied his whistle to a tree and blew his horse.
                                                                                                                                                             what did sushi a say to sushi b? wassa-b!!!
                                                                                   [commercial for babies] *100 year old woman trying to feed a brick a bottle of milk* "there's got to be a better way"
                                                       the other day i asked my wife to hand me the news paper. she said, "silly you, just use my ipad."... that spider had no fucking idea what hit it.
                                                                                                                            what do you call a black man with a small dick? by his name you racist fuck!
               shit post in a packed auditorium, a hypnotist hypnotized the whole audience with a pendulum. suddenly, the pendulum fell down. he said "shit"... it took 3 days to clean the auditorium..
                                                                                             what do you get when you push a piano out of the second floor window of an elementary school? a flat minor.
                                                                            coming soon jason statham is a reluctant thief with a heart of gold *cue explosion* punch mcexplodey car man *fade to black*
                                                            the older you get the less people you can actually tolerate. i can tolerate about 5 people right now, 3 are my children and even that's iffy
                                                                               i heard that #thedress debate has already destroyed 18 relationships. these people probably shouldn't be breeding anyway.
                                                                kids: *doing something they shouldn't* me: stop or i'll be mad kids: *keep doing it* me: stop or mom will be mad kids:*stop immediately*
                                                                                                                                                                a thousand millibar go into a bar... ...
                                                                                                                 i like horror movies because it's the only place insanely hot people are treated poorly
                                                                                                                             i like to think i'm pretty smart. i just managed to get a 90 on my iq test.
                                                                                                                                             why did the bicycle fall over?? because it was two tired...
                                                                                                                                                you ate some space food? why on earth would you do that?
                                       what do you call two nuts on the wall? walnuts. what do you call two nuts on your chest? chestnuts. what do you call two nuts on your chin? a dick in your mouth.
                                                                                                                im tired of chasing my dreams so i'll just get their number and catch up with them later
                                                                                                                                                          i saw a chameleon the other day ...lazy fucker
                                                                            empty my head is just like the comments section. (i'm not sure if the 'wow, such empty' is on pcs and laptops so... yeah...)
                                                                                                                                                    when my wife wants my opinion, she'll give it to me.
                                                                                                                                                      chuck norris does, in fact, live in a round house.
                                                                                                                                                                   what comes between fear and sex? funf
                                                                          *checks webmd* holy crap, i need an ambulance! *checks insurance deductible* nevermind, i'll just take a vitamin or something.
                                                                                                                                i once walked out of a movie because the actor's fake typing was so bad.
                                                                                                                      if there isn't a chinese millionaire called 'cha ching' i will be so disappointed.
                                                            8yo: ghosts real? me: no! 4yo: i heard groaning last night 8yo: & a bed squeaking and moaning 4yo: what was that? me: .. them: .. me: ghosts
                                                                                                                                            this coffee would work better if i could throw it at people.
                                                                                                                                          who is the rudest person in my mathematical family? aunt sally
                                                                                                                                 "it's not what it looks like," i say to the bunny noticing my slippers.
                                                                                                a woman recently tried to flirt with me using a electric mixer. she said she was going to whisk me away.
                                                                                                                              why was the baby ant confused? because all of it's uncles were aunts(ants)
                                                                                                                                                                            que dijo un mar al otro? ola
                                                                                                  my friends think i have a drinking problem... so i told them "no, i actually think i drink quite well"
                                                                      so i met a girl named tennessee i said to her, "you're a ten, i see!" and that's how i blew it with the hottest girl in the world.
                                                            want to make sure you don't walk in on anyone masturbating when you get home? try opening a bag of chips quietly when you get to your street
                                                                                              fear is not the same is respect. for instance i fear bears but integrity wise they are huge pieces of shit
                                                                                              me: i'm heading to the shop roommate: what are you going to get? me: [wearing a wedding dress] compliments
                                                                                                                                                why was helen keller a bad driver? 'cause she's a woman!
                                                                                                                                              how many mexicans do you need to change a lightbulb? juan.
                                                                                                                                 my girlfriend surprised me with a car! it's a good thing she missed me.
                                                                                                                                                                   trump for president 2016 right, guys?
                                                                                                                                                           how do you say "virgin" in dutch? goodentight
                                                                                       what's brown, black and blue and lays at the bottom of a ditch? a brunette that's told one too many blonde jokes.
                                                                                                  did you hear about the serial killer who was coming out of retirement? he's taking another stab at it.
                                                                                                                           what's the difference between a horse dick and a joke? you can't take a joke.
                                                                                                 i judge every book by its cover: "too smart for me" is what i say and then look at twitter on my phone.
                                                                                                               [during lull in conversation] maybe people who say the earth is flat are thinking of maps
                                                                                                                                                    science jokes these days... all the good ones argon.
                                                                                            *falls down* mom: what was that? me: my shirt fell mom: it sounded much heavier than a shirt me: i was in it
                                                                                                                             did you hear about the guy in masturbation contest? he really held his own.
                                         last night my wife said that our bed had seen better days. she's right. when she stopped at her mum's last week, i had a threesome in it on monday and tuesday.
                                                                                                                             q: how many orthodox rabbis does it take to change a light bulb? a: change?
                                                                                                                                  did you hear about the italian chef who died? he pasta way last night.
                                                                                                                              why did the dog feel insecure in her bathing suit? she was a little husky.
                                                                                                                                                              my new years resolution for 2017 1920x1080
                                                  a grasshopper walks into a bar bartender says..."hey, we have a drink named after you." grasshopper says "you have a drink named jeff?". budum pshhhh.
                                                                                                                                 what did captain kirk find at the end of the rainbow? a leprekhaaaaaan!
                                                                                                                         we save a lot of money on halloween costumes by having naturally ugly children.
                                                                                                               "i missed you today." "awwww i missed you too." *both frantically reload dueling pistols*
                                                                                                                                                    which fish go to heaven when they die ?  angelfish !
                                                                                                                                                                      i tried to catch some fog. i mist.
                                                                                  how many hipsters does it take to screw in a light bulb? it's an obscure number and you've probably never heard of it.
                                                                                                                             how much weed is the appropriate amount to give as a gift at a baby shower?
                                                                                                                      apparently, "no kidding!" isn't a good response when your boss says he's confused.
                                                                                                                               i watched my first porn the other day i looked so much younger back then!
                                                                                                            back in my day we used to only have chalkboards. the new whiteboards they use are remarkable
                                                                                                                            knock knock who's there ! beethoven ! beethoven who ? beethoven is too hot !
                 fannee doolee loves sleep, but she doesn't love bedtime. why do you think that is? because fannee doolee has crippling anxiety, and falling asleep reminds her of her inevitable death.
                                                                                                                                                 why did hitler invade poland? to get to the other side.
                                                                                                                        why did the jews wander in the wilderness for 40 years? someone dropped a penny.
                                                                                                        i am so lazy i thought about looking at the super moon and decided 2033 isn't even that far away
                                                                                                                  what did the grape say when it got stepped on? nothing, it just let out a little whine
                                                                                                                                      two red blood cells met and fell in love but alas, it was in vein.
                                                                                                       my friend went to a salon and asked them to straighten his hair. so they took out his highlights.
                                                                                                                                                 what do you call over the counter viagra? mycoxafloppin
                                                                                                                                          what do you call an asian guy who is a member of isis? rice-is
                                                                                                                                                    what do you call a cow with no legs? ground beef :-d
                                                                             these cat babies are straight up gangsta. i'm going to name them all after friends characters. the one i hate will be ross.
                                                                                sure he's handsome, funny, smart, charming and successful, but can he fit 54 m&m's in his mouth at once? i didn' fink fo
                                                                                                                  curiosity got sent to mars as punishment. as punishment for killing schrodinger's cat.
                                                                                                          did you know condoms have serial numbers? oh, i guess you've never rolled one down far enough.
                       a guy with a wooden eyeball is self conscious... ...so he asks the homeliest girl at the ball if she would like to dance. she looks him straight in the face and says "would i?!"
                                                                                                                                             men don't get lost; they discover alternative destinations.
                                                                                                                            what do you here when mickey and minnie are doing it? squeak, squeak, squeak
                                                                                                            i tried making jokes about people who don't go to the gym... ...but none of them worked out.
                                                                                  7% of all hearing loss is a result of sitting in a restaurant next to a table full of women who just received dessert.
                                                                                                            teacher: "there are no stupid questions" me: "ya ok but why isnt the plural of moose, meese"
                                                                                                                                  why are government buildings alike all around the world? free masonry.
                                                                                                            how many white people can you fit in a can? crackers don't come in cans, they come in boxes!
                                                                                                       i feel sorry for the people who are supporting hillary. living without a brain must be difficult.
                                                                                                                        what do you call a baby in the middle of the ocean without arms or legs? fucked.
                                                                                                                            what do you call a woman who pleasures herself with a vegetable? mrs hawking
                                                                i'm really nervous about getting my girlfriend's pregnancy results back... and i'm not even the one who'll have to raise the baby alone!
                                                                          is there an apology card for: sorry i kidnapped your dog and made him run on a treadmill to power my toaster last week, or no?
                                                                 justin bieber is going to hillsong church conference. we'll see if they make a believer out of him or if he make beliebers out of them.
                                                                                                                                     a man who has never lied to a woman has no respect for her feelings
                                                                                                            i think when a transvestite goes missing their face should appear on a carton of half & half
                                                                                                                                                        some people are so poor, all they have is money.
                                                                        why are modern women more likely to pursue a stem degree? they need to learn scientific notation to keep track of their n-count.
                                                                                                                                                    what's beethoven's favorite fruit? a ba-na-na-naaaaa
                                                            when my roommate won't wash the dishes i always leave a note'hey please do the dishes, because i will wash one knife & use it in your sleep'
                                                                                                                             a good friend will help you move. a great friend will help you move a body.
                                                                                                                                          just bought a sweet british accent off of daniel craig's list.
                                                                                                            him: how much do you love me? me: a bit more than pizza. him: me: but not as much as coffee.
                                                                                                                                when's the best time to come out of the closet? when the coast is queer.
                                                                                                                          why did the priest go to walmart? because the little boys pants were half off.
                                                                                                                                          missing a period is probably a grammar nazi's worst nightmare.
                                                                                                                                    how do people with mesothelioma live their lives? asbestos they can.
                                                                                                                             why do seagulls fly by the sea? if they flew by the bay, they'd be bayguls!
                                                                                           true love doesn't care about the look or size of your wallet, it's all about what is inside ..... the wallet.
                                                                                                                                    how do you get a gay guy to have sex with a woman? shit in her cunt.
                                                                                                                                            hitler wasn't such a bad guy. after all, he did kill hitler.
                                                            sir? the table of hot ladies over there wanted to know what song you were drumming on the bar. they said it seemed very fast and impressive.
                                                                                                                                   what's the difference between an egg and a wank? you can beat an egg.
                                                                                           congress just passed a bill that makes it legal to murder those friends who respond to a text by calling you.
                                                                                                                                  ellen pao's credibility after victoriagate oh wait, she never had any.
                                                                                                                                                             i like my women like i like my cod battered
                                                                                                how many redditors are needed to screw a lightbulb? as much people as is needed to screw that lightbulb.
                                                                                                                                         how did the edward impersonator annoy /r/jokes? he feigned ted.
                                                                                                        what do the members of blackstreet like on their sandwiches? mayo mayo mayo mayooooooooooooooooo
                                                            "the mood was somber plus it was a total sausage fest. the unlimited fish & loaves were a nice touch though."-yelp review of the last supper
                                                              me: how do you like being an uber driver. driver: i don't work for uber. me: so, i just willingly climbed into a windowless van, didn't i?
                                                                                                                                   i'm going to open a frozen pizza shop it's called "pizza by the ice."
                                                                                       i suck my stomach in when ever i weigh myself!nnit doesn't make me weigh less but at least i can see the numbers!
                                                                                                                 i was going to tell a mean joke about emt's but i didn't wanna get... ... carried away.
                     knock knock... who's there? sean bean. sean bean who? oh that's right, you started watching after his character died. works for pretty much anything sean bean is in except sharpe.
                                                                          just gave the earth a one-star rating and a bad review on tripadvisor to discourage any aliens that were planning an invasion.
                                                                                                                                    and grandmother, what big thighs you have! *wolf just starts crying*
                                                                    i saw santa claus having sex with my mom. to get him back, i poisoned his cookies. some how the bastard found out and killed my dad.
                                                                                                                                        what do you call playing chess against yourself? chessturbation.
                                                                                                                                  i used to steal punchlines from others i still do, but i used to, too.
                                                                                                        why did the feminist refuse to work at the post office? because it was a mail dominated industry
                                                                                                                why did the libertarian cross the road? none of your damn business. am i being detained?
                                                                                            please don't get me wrong, but i like to see people dying seeing their hair become blonde is really awesome.
                                                                 another bar joke a duck walks into a bar wearing a shoe. the bartender says, "so you lost a shoe?" and the duck says, "no, i found one"
                                                                             the other day i saw two squirrels making noises at each other as if they were arguing. you could say they were squarreling.
                                my wife told me this in the car the other day. thought you might enjoy! wife: i can't believe they're still together after all that shit. me: who? wife: my butt cheeks.
                                                                                                                                                            what's good on pie, but not on pussy? crust.
                                                                                                            women are so desperate... 4 missed calls and 8 new text messages, calm the fuck down mother!
                                                                                                               why can't you hear a pterodactyl going to the bathroom? because pterodactyls are extinct.
                                                                                                                                                                      poker face. but i barely know her!
                                                                                  how many heisenbergs does it take to screw in a lightbulb? if you know the number, you don't know where the socket is.
                                                                                                                                                         hard tacos are just soft tacos from the street.
                                                                                                                                      what did the cowboy say when the bear ate lassie? "well doggone !"
                                                                    i don't understand why people say they don't believe in sex before marriage... it's obviously sex after marriage that doesn't exist.
                                                                                                                                               what did cinderella say when she got to the ball? *choke*
                                                                                                                   brake fluid i know a guy who is addicted to brake fluid. he says he can stop anytime.
                                                                        doctor, doctor! i think i'm a pair of curtains! well that's more of a mental health issue, i'm not really qualified to help you.
                                                                                                                                       a vampire masturbating into a mirror. you didn't see that coming.
                                                                                                                                              "what?!" - a dinosaur that just found out what cars run on
                                                                                       we'd like to sincerely apologize for booking the karate convention on the same day as the rare wooden boards fair
                                                                                                                                                  what kind of robbery is not dangerous? a safe robbery.
               i have such bad luck getting a girl to come over... i watched the video from "the ring" and the creepy chick called seven days later and said something came up and she couldn't make it.
                                                                                                                                                       god created the light... then he called it a day.
                           my girlfriends said if this gets 1000 up votes my girlfriend said if this gets 1000 votes we'll try anal. so please don't vote, her strap on is huge and it really scares me.
                                                                                                                                    if 666 is the evil number then 25.806975... is the root of all evil.
                                                                                                                                                       to all the fisherman out there... you da reel mvp
                                                                                                                                                 q. where can you dance in california? a. san fran-disco
                                                                                                                            why do apple computer users always tell sexist jokes? because they aren't pc
                                                                                                                                           scientist1: you got any sodium hypobromite? scientist2: nabro
                                                                                                                                     what do you call a black neurosurgeon? a doctor you fucking racist.
                                                                                        i used to go out with an english teacher, but she dumped me. she didn't approve of my improper use of the colon.
                                                                                                                         a friend asked me how much i spend on a bottle of wine. i said about 30 minutes
                                                                                                                              why was the marsupial wrongly convicted? he was tried in a kangaroo court.
                                                                                                                                                   a nobel prize winner posts to reddit... (fart sounds)
                                                                                                                              i don't see the issue with microcephaly. personally, i love a little head.
                                                                                                                           short joke what do you call a short person that knows martial arts? midjitsu!
                                                                                                                                        why us it not good to have an oily face? the us might invade it.
                                                                                                                  what do you get when yo cross sheep dna with human dna? kicked out of the petting zoo.
                                                                                                                             what do you call a fedora wearing neck beard president's wife? first m'lady
                                                                      did you hear about my cruel psychic maths teacher called moe who's great with a sniper rifle? he's a mean medium, moe, with range.
                                                                                                                                        how easy is it to get stoned in amsterdam? it's a piece of cake.
                                                                                         hub: you ready to go? me: in a minute, i'm beating the kids. [cut to me just decimating the kids at mario kart]
                                                                                                                                       when it comes to my diet, i don't do cheat days i do cheat years.
    two blondes were walking down the railroad tracks. the first blonde said "man, these steps are killing me!" the second one said "it's not the steps that are killing me, it's these low hand rails!"
                                                                                                                                         what do you call a whale with erectile dysfunction? mopey dick.
                                                                                                                          if russia were to invade turkey from behind... do you think greece would help?
                                                                                                                 why did the pilgrims pants keep falling down because his belt buckle was on his hat ...
                                                                                                                i shot a black teenager the other day i was arrested for impersonating a police officer.
                                                                                                                       q: why do greek men wear gold neck chains? a: so they know where to stop shaving.
                                                                                                             i don't know what you do when you come across a bear, but i just wipe it off and apologize.
                                                                                                 tifu: i was called in to teach 6th grade math but ended up teaching 8th grade english sorry, wrong sub.
                                                                                                                                      when you have sex you burn 1000 calories. no wonder you're so fat.
                                                           a guest checked in and informed us that his plane had a ton of delays throughout the day. i replied "well, at least it didn't disappear, eh?"
                                                                                                                                              i've had the clap so much that it's turning into applause.
                                                                                                                   why do french people only ever have one egg for breakfast? because one egg is *un uf*
                                                                                                                                          why was the little ant confused? because his uncles are aunts.
                                                                                                                                                        a guy walks into a bar... he should have ducked.
                                                                                                                                            i love jokes about video games. they work on so many levels.
                                                                                                                so a magician walks in to a bar and says to the bartender "why so many fucking reposts?"
                                                                                                                        i didn't ask for a sweet roll? oh, sorry, i thought you had said, "synonym bun".
                                                                                                                                                           what bus crossed the atlantic ocean? columbus
                                                                                                                           "enjoying your day off?" - what jewish people say to each other on christmas.
                                                                                                                                      why was the circuit arrested? because it was charged with battery!
                                                i scared the postman today by going to the door completely naked... not sure what scared him more; my naked body or the fact that i knew where he lived.
                                                                                                                               i hate street performers. then again, i'm a mime, so i can't really talk.
                                                                                                                                                                how do you spell "apathy"? i don't care.
                                                                                                                                                  what type of condom does spock use? vulcanized rubber!
                                                                                     how did us felt when trump is elected as the president? trumpmatized. (traumatized, ^get^it?^ha^ha^kill^me^please )
                                                                  i think you scientists did a great job of making old people's d-i-c-k-s hard. how 'bout you guys take a look at cancer and  stuff now.
                              my mates keep calling me gay. i proved them wrong. my mates keep calling me gay, so to prove them wrong and went out and fucked this sexy nurse. he definitely wasn't gay.
                                                                                                                                           what happens when you join two koreans together? linkin park.
                                                                                                                                                                 my mother retired and moved into a cvs.
                                                                                                                     a woman enters a bar and orders a double entendre so the bartender gives it to her!
                                                                                                                                i'm not racist because racism is a crime. and crime is for black people.
                                                                                                                                                                what tea do footballers drink? penaltea!
 i introduced reddit to my girlfriend yesterday me: so, do you like it? her: yeah, it was entertaining. just one question, though me: sure, go on her: yeah, who is op. and why is his mom such a who...
                                                                                             i told you to pick up a slow cooker... all i see when i look in the kitchen is a turtle wearing a chefs hat
                                                                      yoga is really kicking in. i'm seeing the definition in my arms and overall flexibility. my vibrator is gonna be really impressed.
                                                                              if a stranger catches you taking their photo, let them know it's okay by softly saying, "don't worry, this is just for me"
                                                                                  perk of being an abortion doctor one perk of being an abortion doctor is that you don't have to worry about dog's food
                                                                                                         what is owned by you but mostly... what is owned by you but mostly used by others? your name! -
                                                                                                                                                                i graduated in zooscatology. "bullshit!"
                                                                                                    as a male college student, the only thing that's disappearing faster than my money... is my kleenex.
                                                                                      i'm not sure i understand what the hell you're talking about....but.....you're showing cleavage, so i will listen.
                                                                                                 twitter has lost 90% of my tweets. great! now i've got nothing to show for the last two years. nothing.
                                                                                      the wife my wife has left me because she says i treat her like one of my pets... she'll be back when she's hungry.
                                                                               what was the inscription on the tomb of  frankenstein's monster? here lies frankenstein's monster. may he rest in pieces.
                                                                                    what do you get when the pillsbury dough boys bend over? dough-nuts (south park reference again; just spreading it).
                                                                           both christmas and new years fell on a weekend this year, which had to suck for the four or five of you that still have jobs.
                                                                                                                                          how do you circumcise a hillbilly? kick his mother in the jaw.
                                                                                                                                                i like my coffee like i like my men black and shot twice
                                                                                                               with virtually no power, there still comes a surprisingly large amount of responsibility.
                                                                                                                                      i cleaned my fan today the difference it made just blew me away...
                                                                               as a kid, i used to think $1,000 was a lot of money. but now that i'm an adult, i think it's a tremendous amount of money
                                                                                                                                           what do you call a black man with a gun ? you call him "sir".
                                                                  if you are unsure whether your kitten is male or female try this: - tickle it - if he laughs it's a male - if she laughs it's a female
                                                                       a man in victorian clothes just appeared out of thin air and handed me a fistful of herbs. i think he might be a thyme traveller.
                                                                               how do you tell the difference between a computer scientist and an aspiring music artist? ask them what 'unsigned' means.
                                                                                                                                       hell yeah i'm a catholic i've been addicted to cats my whole life
                                                                                                                                              *slides down your chimney* *straightens all your pictures*
                                                                                                                                         what did one lawyer say to another lawyer? we are both lawyers.
                                                                                                                                     me: i want a hot body. me: does absolutely nothing to achieve this.
                                                                                                                                                                if i agreed with you we'd both be wrong.
                                                                                          "can you validate my parking?" "you parked beautifully. your dad would be proud." *wipes away tears* "thanks."
                                                                                                                              my girlfriend keeps asking me to stop singing wonderwall "i said maybe..."
                                                                                                                                                 .@beyonce can you feed my turtles while i'm on vacation
                                                            this is the only comment you should be leaving on porn sites: "why are you doing this? please come home. your mother and i are heartbroken."
                                                                                                     i renamed my dad "death" in my phone's contacts. just so i remember that life can always get worse.
                                                              pet shopping paddy says "mick, i'm thinking of buying a labrador." "fuck that" says mick "have you seen how many of their owners go blind"
                                                                   friend: it looks like you're packing to go on an extended vacation. where to, the caribbean or hawaii? me: no, this is just my lunch.
                                                                                          just convinced my mom she won't get wolf of wall street if she doesn't see teen wolf first. please play along.
                                                                                                                        if 4 out of 5 people suffer from diarrhea ... does that mean that one enjoys it?
                                                                                                                                             did you know that helen keller had a dollhouse? she didn't.
                                                                                                                                                              what do you call an irish lesbian? gaelic.
                                                                                                                                    why did the pacifist stay away from cows? to avoid unnecessary beef.
                                                                                                     look, i'm not running a charity here, and if i was i'd be too busy embezzling money to help people.
                                                                                     a blind hooker tried to give me a bj once she said i had the biggest penis ever. i said "ha, you're pulling my leg"
            a deer, a skunk, and a duck went to the grocery store. when they were ready to check out, the deer didn't have a buck, the skunk didn't have a scent, so they put it all on the duck's bill.
                                                                                 did you hear about that guy who was asked to be a jehovah's witness?  - he refused becuase he hadn't seen the accident.
                                                                                                                                                                     say what you will about deaf people
                                                                                                    just because i'm smiling doesn't necessarily mean that i like you. i might be picturing you on fire.
                                                                    my friend is mad at me because i saw her using a huge tablet to make a call so i offered her a gas cylinder to light her cigarette..
                                                                                                                          baby momma drama doesn't exist in the middle east.... baby bomba drama however
                                                                                                                                                              toucan: albanians kidnap liam neesons bird
                                                                                                                                           why is it called black friday? because everything is a steal.
                                                                                                                                  why did the bishop love walmart? 'coz the boys pants are all half off.
                                                                                                            next year i'll give up spreadsheets for 40 days and 40 nights... it's going to be excel lent
                                                                                                                love your parents. we are so busy growing up, we often forget they are also growing old.
                                                                                you don't have to speak bird to know that when they chirp right outside your window they're asking for you to kill them.
                                                                                                                                                                 what time does wimbledon start? tennish
                                                                                                                 what do gay men and xbox's have in common? they both get red rings when they're fucked.
                                                                                               just came back from the zoo and saw a slice of toast in one of the enclosures. it was bread in captivity.
                                                                                                  my friend called the movie pixels the world's longest abortion funny, i didn't realize it was a porno.
                                                                                                                    i need a less intrusive addiction than twitter so i started using meth this morning.
                                                                                                                                  what do you call a chinese man with a bad internet connection? hi ping
                                                                                                                              yo mama so fat when her beeper goes off, people thought she was backing up
                                                                                                                   me: *empties 4's maracas 4: *shakes maracas* they're broken me: oh no.. what happend?
                                                                                                                           hey let me tell you an it joke: how many meters is there in a kilometer? 1024
                                                                                 so i was doing donuts in my car.. and a cop pulls me over. now i know what you're thinking, who names their dog donuts?
                                                                                                                        i ate one of those orange hostess cupcakes and now i have to live in the sewers.
                                                                 after getting off the ski lift, my mate said "let's go hit the slopes!" i'm like, "why do you want to beat up those japanese tourists?"
                                                                                    got arrested for smuggling books into kentucky got off on a technicality, no one there could *prove* they were books
                                                                                                                                                 always remember you're unique, just like everyone else.
                                                                                                                                                       what'd the fish say when he ran into a wall? dam!
                                                                                                       why aren't people from the westboro baptist church archaeologists? because they are *homo*phobes.
                                                                                                        i wonder if girls got mad on dates in the 1700?s because guys kept checking their treasure maps.
                                                                                                         spider-man reboots should start with the previous actor biting the new one as the origin story.
                                                                                                                             why do tampons find it so hard to make friends? they're all stuck-up cunts.
                                                                                                   im sick of people calling america "the stupidest country in the world" personally, i think europe is.
                                                                                hey us sports fans of reddit, did you know you can play fantasy sports for money online? can't recall where i saw that..
                                                                                         whats that when you keep moving constantly produces something white ? its toothbrush dear dirty minded people..
                                                                                                                                         what do you call a bison that's sick to his stomach? a barffalo
                                                                                            sex with a weatherman must suck. always telling you to expect 8-12 inches, only to find out it's not even 4.
                                                                                              your baby has no idea that you threw him a 1st birthday party. all you did was inconvenience your friends.
                                                                                                                                                jim henson's first job was operating the godfather logo.
                                        my 5 year old daughter wants a tampon for christmas she has no idea what it is, but she knows what you can do with it. swim, ride, hike, dance, play tennis, ...
                                                                                                            what is the difference between a hooker and an onion? i don't cry when i chop the hooker up.
                                                                                              only a few years ago, the average parents had four children. nowadays, the average child has four parents.
                                                                                                              i was really into the idea of salsa dancing, until i learned there are no chips. or salsa.
                                                                                                   if a threesome is with three people, and a twosome is with two people.... does that mean im handsome?
                                                                                                                                              what instrument was the predecessor to the tuba? the oneba
                                                                   [sifting through mail] baby shower invitation? haha, um no thanks, linda. i have a regular size shower that i can use whenever i want
                                                                                                            my girlfriend told me to go out and get something that makes her look sexy. so, i got drunk.
                                                                                          my coat is so covered with dog fur that someone's probably going to throw red paint on me at some point today.
                                                                                                                                                                what did the mime say to his girlfriend?
                                                                                                                                    *steals someone's soul* *steals someone's mate* *creates a soulmate*
                                                                                   my girlfriend said that i should use the term 'make love' instead of 'fuck.' what the make love is she talking about?
                                                                                                                when life gives you lemons, use their natural acidity to temporarily blind your opponent
                                                                                                                 my gf went to the beauty parlor and got a brazilian. nothing extreme, just punched her.
                                                                                                                                 i like my coffee how i like my women without someone else's dick in it.
                                                            after the machine uprising, robots in the club will dance "the human" by compulsively overeating and playing with their phones on the toilet
                                                                                                                                                                         what did delaware? a new jersey
                                                                                             what do condoms and taxes have in common? republicans are against them and democrats want more for schools.
                                                                                           cocktail bar.. wife went to a cocktail bar, she asked the barman for a double entendre ..,so he gave her one.
                                                                                                                your mom's so slutty, she got fired for drinking on the job. she worked at a sperm bank.
                                                                                                                                 what do you get for the man who has everything? nothing. fuck that guy.
                                                                                                                                  why did the pirate go to ireland? he thought he was going to arrrland.
                                                                                                                                                       i get it ladies, i had abs before i had kids too.
                                                                                                                                                            will no one rid me of this turbulent poodle?
                                                              im a cat and i freaking love turning potential energy into kinetic *pushes glass off table* your going to feed and keep me for some reason
                                                                                                                                         at what age is it appropriate to tell my dog that he's adopted?
                                                                                                                                            a cauliflower is a plant explosion in extremeley slow motion
                    my 7 year old told us some nut jokes. what do you call a nut on a wall? a walnut! what do you call a nut at the beach? a beech nut! what do you call a nut in the toilet? a peanut!!
                                                                                                 i went to my doctor. he said i was overweight. i said i want a second opinion. he said you're ugly too.
                                                                                                                                        why do giraffes have long necks? because they have smelly feet!!
                                                                     my wife asked me what i was doing today... ...i said "nothing." she said, "you did that yesterday." i replied, "i wasn't finished."
                                                                                                             what's the difference between harry potter and the jews? harry gets to take the train back.
                                a man walks into a swedish chemist shop..... ... and asks for some deodorant. the shopkeeper says 'ball or aerosol?' the man answers 'neither, i want it for my armpits.
                                                                                                                                                                   wanna hear a blonde joke donald trump
                                                                                                      i've got a conspiracy joke that no one would believe, even though the punchline is in plain sight.
                                                                   what do you call an electro-food? (it's giga-bite!) yeah it was giga bite yeah you're right yeah giga bite that was it giga bite it!!
                                                               annoying how when you go to the orchestra, there's always that one wasted dude up front swaying and waving his arms around the whole time
                                                 a man is standing on club street thrusting in public. a cop taps him on the shoulder and says "what are you doing?". the man replied "fucking nothing".
                                                                                                                                       after sex, i pee like a pro basketball player! lots of dribbling.
                                                                   i got fired from my job because i smile too much! i said, "if i can't smile while i work then get yourself another funeral director!"
                                                                                   what do a bunch of celebrity nudes have in common with a stiff breeze? they both can cause reddit's servers to crash.
                                                                                                         greek life q: why did the young greek boy run away from home? a: he was not being reared right!
                                                                                                                                "hey, where's the beach?" "down by the ocean!" -dr. demento, presumably.
                                                                                                                   history teacher: which period did cleopatra come from? me: the one her mother missed?
                                                                                                                                     i plan to donate my liver to an alcoholic so i'll know it's a match
                                                                                                                                   i'm going to name my son glove being handy will come to him naturally
                                                                                                                                                   australia's got 99 problems... but beaches ain't one.
                                                                                                               as long as you're good at blending in, you can be part of brad and angelina's family too.
                                                                                                the reason i don't like police officers... everyone that has ever arrested me has been a police officer.
                                                                                                                         (super smash bros. joke) why do waiters like a good marth player? he tips well.
                                                                                                                                                 why are women so odd? because they can't even. huh huh?
                                                                guy: so what u up to after this? me: {remembering my friend said to be mysterious but quirky} probably eat a whole red onion in an alley
                                                                  i read that having sex every day for a year could transform your marriage. it worked so well i'm thinking of suggesting it to my wife.
                                                                                                                                              what do you call a singing bottle of mustard? celine dijon
                                                                                                                              today i decided to burn a lot of calories... so i lit a fat kid on fire!!!
                                                                                                                                      keep your friends close and your enemies in the trunk of your car.
                                                                                                                                      what do you call a computer with an amazing singing voice? a dell.
                                                                                                                           why should you never sleep with a female beekeper? she might give you herbees
                                                      son i wanted to let u know u were adopted my dad said are u kidding rlly i shouted yup get ready he said they'll be picking you up in about a hour
                           so this joke crossed the line in a group i tell "offensive jokes" to every week. is it? can you top it? nsfw / nsfl how do you titty fuck a 7 year old? *snap her shoulders.*
                                                                                                                                          it was going very smoothly until she noticed my boner of hope.
                                                                                                                                                                              need an ark? ..i noah guy.
                                                                                                                                                         what do you call a fat muslim? just mu^~~slim~~
                                                                                   what's the difference between a hippie chick and a hockey player? a hockey player takes a shower after three periods.
                                                                                                                                              bought a receiver for 99.75 $ yesterday got a quarter back
                                                                                                                                             want to hear a joke about paper? never mind, it's tearable.
                                                                                                                         that tornado damage your cow barn any? dunno. haven't found the durn thing yet!
                                                                                                 what did davy crockett say when he showed up to the alamo? "what are all these landscapers doing here?"
                                                                                                                                haven't been able to tweet much recently. need to cut back on real life.
                                                                                              4-year-old: can you do what you want at work? me: no, i have to listen to my boss. 4: mom is at your work?
                                                                                                                                                             how do you cook toilet paper? you brown it!
                                                                                                                                           how did the bird get his bluetooth to work? he had to parrot.
                                                                                                                                       why didn't the grizzly wear any shoes? he wanted to go bear foot.
                                                    is this joke funny? i just made it up! a son walks up to his dad and says...are you a gay buffalo? and the dad looks at him and says, no, i'm bison.
                                                                                                                                   i have a fear of two-letter words i get scared just thinking about it
                                                                                                                                             i recently did a survey on syria. the results blew me away.
                                                                                                                 if there's something strange, in your neighborhood, who ya gonna call? george zimmerman
                                                                                                                     how do i know thieves are bad kissers? because apparently i make out like a bandit.
                                                                                                                                       i ordered at a reddit deli i messed up and ordered the wrong sub.
                                                                                                                                          holy shit i just correctly guessed a wifi password am i jesus?
                                                                                           just reported a car stolen because the people inside are black and the stick figures on the window were white
                                                                                "dad, could you lend me your chair? i'm fixing the table." "sorry, son. i'm not feeling particularly chairitable today."
                                                                                           i like going to the park and watching the children run around... ...because they don't know i'm using blanks.
                                                                                 [commercial] "this commercial is so confusing. i wish they would just tell us what they're selling" narrator: narrators
                                                                                     girls are like police. even when they get a hold of all the evidence, they still want to hear the truth from you...
                                                                                                                             i just fucked up instant oatmeal like some kind of husband in a commercial.
                                                                                                                                                  what do you use to transport pittas? a flatbread truck
                                                                                                        when i grow up i want to make two rugrats pornos... rugrats: all grown up &amp; rugrats go wild.
                                                                                                                                           why do they call a horse a horse? because they speak english.
                                                                                                                                                  findafamilymember.com now the #1 dating site in texas!
                          great scot, marty! you know what you'd get if i locked myself in a room with the old-me from 1955 and convinced my other self never to build a time machine? a paradox, marty!
                                                                                                                                                           what do you give a sick horse? cough stirrup.
                                                                                                                         people get sad when a bird flys into a window but when i do it its a big hassle
                                                                           praying is a lot like masturbation. it feels good to the person doing it but does nothing for the person being thought about.
                                                                                                                                                                            has this been posted before?
                                                                                quit telling me what to do! you're not my founding father! - strict constitutional constructionist teen to the president
                                                                                                                        i spent last night defrosting the fridge. or "foreplay" as she likes to call it.
                                                                                                                                                                tried to catch fog the other day... mist
                                                                                                            just think,,, 20 years ago my television set weighed 350lbs.. and my wife weighed 105lbs ...
                                                           jack and jill went up the hill so jack could lick her candy... but jack got a shock and a mouth full of cock cause jill's real name was randy
                                                                                                                                                             i'll get you wetter than a scottish summer.
                                                                            longest verb what's the longest verb in the english language? smiles. there is a mile between the first and the last letter.
                                                                                                                             on "anne frankly" and "i did nazi that coming"... those *panzer* gettin`old
                                                                                                                                                              collection of spicy jokes on every subject
                                                                                                                                 take your time pedestrians we're not dreaming of mowing you down at all
                                                                                                                    what do you get when you cross an aboriginal with a caucasian? a half decent person.
                                                                                what's the difference between a quarter and a nickel? the hiroshima bombing didn't kill a nickel of a million civilians.
                                                                                                                  why are gay pride parades held in the summer? because gay pride comes before gay fall.
                                                                                    if you meet a woman under the age of 75 named "maude" or "agatha" it's a good bet to check nearby for a time machine
                                                                                                                                                "hurt me!" said the masochist. the sadist replied, "no."
                                                                                               apple have talked about their most recent iphone recently, the sales team seems to think it was a huge 6s
                                                              if you need anything you can call me any time of the day or night. i won't answer and my ringer will be off, so it won't bother me at all.
                                                                                                            i've discovered the best way to get attention is to sit on the coffee table and meow loudly.
                                                                             why should they have hosted the world cup in a different country this year? .... because a brazillian things could go wrong
                                                                               nothing scares me more than when my husband answers me and i'm left wondering just how much he's actually been listening.
                                                                                                                                           my teacher told me to turn in my essay, but i ain't no snitch
                                                                                                  hans zimmer was inspired by one composer in particular when writing the inception soundtrack... brahms
                                                                                      i love doing laundry... it's the only time you can separate the whites from the coloreds and no one gets offended.
                                                                                                                              my daughter used to hate eating vegetables. until she became a vegetarian.
                                                                                                                               what do you call a 5 year old with no friends? a sandyhook survivor. ....
                                                                                                                                                                              sex ed. it's the in thing.
                                                                                                                                           why did everyone think the pie was gay? because he blueberry.
                                                                                                         how many babies does it take to paint a wall red? (nsfw) it depends on how hard you throw them.
                                                                                                                               women always check me out. the cashiers at the grocery store are so nice.
                                                                                                                                i recently took up meditation..... it beats sitting around doing nothing
                                                                                       what's the difference between a black man and a pile of dog shit? the shit will eventually turn white and go away
                              so i was going down on my grandmother the other day.. and her pussy tasted like horse semen. i had to stop myself for a second and think to myself "is this how she died?"
                                                                                               "what time is it?" *pulls out phone, checks twitter, puts phone away* *still has no idea what time it is*
                                              so there's a guy at my work that cleans all of the new stock that comes off the trucks before it hits the sales floor... we call him the palette cleanser.
                                                                                                                      whenever i wear shorts it looks like i murdered a fat toddler and stole his pants.
                                                                        i never really understood the tiny house trend, but then i saw one where the bed was literally in the kitchen, and now i get it.
                                                                                                                                                                wet wipes are tissues who like to party.
                                                               *at bank* i always think it's funny when i go to the bank because my last name is banks teller: "haha. first name?" *pulls out gun* robin
                                                             rob thank god you picked up! hey remember when you said if i needed a place to crash i cou- hold on *to copilot* stop crying, rob will help
                                                                                                                                                     why do managers like pizza? it comes out of the box
                                  my father was a nun. whenever he was up in court and the judge asked "occupation", he'd say "none". (from blackadder goes forth, is this still eligible for /r/jokes?)
                                                                           if you have a parrot and you don't teach it to say,"help, they've turned me into a parrot." you are wasting everybody's time.
                                                                      i'm sorry miss jackson i'm sorry miss jackson i am four eels never meant to make your daughter cry i am several fish and not a guy
                                                                                                               knock knock _who's there?_ armageddon _armageddon who?_ armageddon too old for this shit!
                                                                                                                                              chuck norris's daughter lost her virginity, he got it back
                                                            judge: i find him... not guilty *tom brady breathes a sigh of relief* cop: *cuffing him* so that's where the air was, huh? we finally gotcha
                                                                                                                                        i'm turned on by women who don't mind sucking a little dick mine
                                                                                                                                             why can,t you trust a atom because thay make up every thing
                                                                                                                                                                  whole foods? more like whole paycheck.
                                                                                                                                                           what is grey and comes in quarts? an elephant
                                                                                                                                        what do you call 5 black people on a plane? niggas with altitude
                                                                                                                                            can we stop acting like "seasonal" beers makes sense at all?
                                                                                                                                                                                       me: hi. girl: no.
                                          my friends were deciding how much alcohol to get... one of them wanted one fifth and another one wanted to get five fifths. we decided on a 3/5ths compromise.
                                                                                                          confucius say: it is good if boy meets girl in park... it is better if boy parks meat in girl.
                                                                                                                      what's the first step in making bronco cookies? beat em in a bowl for three hours.
                                                                                                      i'm more than happy to take your sloppy seconds. who am i kidding, i'll take corroded fourteenths.
                                            the ghost teacher was showing her class how to walk through walls. "now did all of you understand that?" she asked. "if not, i'll just go through it again."
                                                                                                                                                          by a show of hans, how many of you are german?
                                                                                the detroit lions have been given guns to subvert increasing violence in the area... ...local zookeepers fear the worst.
                                                                                                                                my dad voted republican his entire life. after he died he voted democrat
                                                                                               what's the difference between the england football team and a teabag? the teabag stays longer in the cup.
                                                when the picture of the vampire's grandmother crashed to the floor in the middle of the night what did it mean?  that the nail had come out of the wall.
                                                                                                                           a roman walks into a bar, holds up two fingers, and says "five beers, please"
                                                                                                   if a boy put rose petals all over my bed i'd be like you're cleaning this up i'm not cleaning this up
                                                                              steve: "wanna go star gazing tonight?" me: "what is that? like a sci fi movie?" s: "no we watch stars." m: "wars or trek?"
                                                 it's nice to see women who don't lose their figures as they grow older. they take such a long time to paint and warhammer is expensive enough as it is.
                                                                 the oldest written recipe is for beer. even when most people couldn't read or write, they knew they had to mark that shit down somehow.
                                                                                                           i don't know why there's such a stigma on masturbation. i find that it really comes in handy.
                                                                                     if an apple today keeps the doctor away... if an apple today keeps the doctor away then he must be using ios6 maps.
                                                                                                              "what aisle has the milk?" "sir, this is a library." *whispers* "what aisle has the milk?"
                                                                                            why do christian bands only record with pro tools? because they don't understand how to use logic or reason.
                                                                                            if i were a cop and pulled a woman over for speeding i would keep crying until she let me give her a ticket.
                                                           how did our grandparents killed time when there were no smartphones and internet? i already asked my mom, her four sisters and five brothers.
                                                                                                                                            what do you call a boomerang that doesn't come back? a stick
                                                             hey! i took my diaper off, see? oh! look! i found your power drill! gonna go see if it fits an outlet.. bye! -my 2yo when i'm on the toilet
                                                                                                                                                               chef's favorite personal dish? stroganoff
                                                                                                                i learned how to train my cat to go woof all it takes is petrol and matches. *wooooooof*
                                                                                                                      my great grandfather died in a concentration camp. he fell out of the guard tower.
                                                                                            my dad said this at his retirement... he is a former principal "i remember a time when harass was two words.
                                                                                                                                                     what kind of fish loves to fix instruments? a tuna.
                                                                                                                                                               hey do you like bowpha? bowpha deez nutts
                                         i don't think muslims go far enough in killing people who draw images of the prophet mohammed. i think they should kill people who are named after him as well.
                                                                                                                           i hate autocorrect i texted my grandma saying "sex tonight". i meant tomorrow
                                                                                                                                          how does professor charles xavier apologise? he says "cerebro"
                                                                                                            knock knock, islam knock knock who's there? allah allah who? allah who ackbar!!!! ***boom***
                                             i am not jesus jesus can wallk on water..,, correct? yess! well,.. i can walk on cucumbers. as you may know, cucumbers are 98% water. so i am 98% jesus. ;)
                                                                                                     my wife left me because "i am addicted to video games".. i was so sad i could hardly console myself
                                                                                                                                                   why are they called dive bars? because they have pool
                                                                                     what do the twin towers and genders have in common? there used to be two of them, now it's offensive to talk about.
                                                                                                                                  why was hitler's suicide such a suprise? because we did nazi it coming
                                                                                                                                                            one potato. two potato. three potato. vodka.
                                                                  did you hear about the new marty mcfly movie... ...where he travels back in time to become a florist? it's called back to the fuschia.
              my mother and father separated last year and my father recently started seeing someone and it's been very hard for me. there are two major issues i have with his new partner. he's black.
                                                                                 helium factory it looks like the negotiations at the helium factory were falling apart....everything was up in the air.
                                                                              why do ducks have webbed feet? to stomp out forest fires. why do elephants have big flat feet? to stomp out burning ducks.
                                                           the indian food market my buddy asked me if i wanted to get lunch with him at the new indian food market and i said namaste (nah... ima stay)
                                                                       i just ran into my barber on the street. he asked me how i liked the haircut he gave me last week. i told him it's growing on me.
                                                                                                                                                          i only speak spanish when bill collectors call
                                                               did you hear about the new comedy central show? a polar bear offers his commentary about current events. its called the cold bear report!
                                                                             what is the difference between pot and pussy? if you can smell the pussy across the room, it's probably not the good stuff.
                                         i just thought of a funny line to use in my old age "when i am having trouble peeing, i look down, and tell my penis to stop being a dick, and get on with it."
                                                                                                                                  crazy girls are like a street vendor's kebab hot, jucy, and dangerous.
                                                                                                                                                            if isis gets bombed they'll be called waswas
                                                                                                                                      why can't micheal bay be a farmer? because he dosen't have a plot.
                                                                                                                                                   how did feminism start? with an unlocked kitchen door
                                                                                                        what's the difference between reese and tyrese? reese was born witherspoon but tyrese stole his.
                                                                                                             how can the blind not see... get rid of the jews if he can't see what color their eyes are?
                                                                                                                         so the business man turned into a priest... he talks alot about his new profit!
                                                                                                                           when i blow myself up in a streetside cafe i expect 72 fleshlights in heaven.
                                                                                                      have you heard of the annual ginger meeting? it's petty unknown, last time not a single soul came.
                                                                                                                                            what did helen keller call her dog? &lt;smashes keyboard&gt;
                                                                                                       do you know how you piss off a bunch of people at once? http://www.redditstatic.com/reddit500.png
                                                                                                                                                           what doesn't kill me makes me smaller - mario
                               the fuzz two prostitutes are standing on a corner. one says to the other, "ever been picked up by the fuzz?" the other replies, "no, but i've been swung around by tits."
                                                                                                                                                          how do you catch a unique cat? unique up on it
                                                                                                                                                            she's a cosmetologist, bro. astronaut stuff.
                            i don't know what all this fuss is about same sex marriage! me and my wife have been having the same sex for 21yrs! it's boring but it isn't worth getting all upset over!!!
                                                                                                                        good women are found in every corner of the earth. unfortunately earth is round.
                                                                                                                           what do you call a candelabra that refuses to hold candles? a candle-nah-brah
                                                                                                                                                  how did hitler pick up jewish girls? with a dustpan...
                                                                                                                      choosy moms choose jif. boozey moms choose jeff, the abusive, alcoholic boyfriend.
                                                                                                                                                  you'll never guess what my login name is. constipated.
                                                                                                             where does sean connery keep his guns? in the library of course. they're for shelf-defense.
                                                                                                                              how many a.d.d. kids does it take to change a light bulb? look a squirrel!
                                                                                                                                       i used to be a hesitant hugger... but i've learned to embrace it.
                                                                                                                          how do you make a small fortune out of horses? start off with a large fortune!
                                          there are a couple of types of people in this world those who play half life, and those who know what the number "3" is. i still don't understand what 3 is...
                                                                                                                                          why was six afraid of seven? because seven was a six offender!
                                                                                                                             grammar. the difference between feeling your nuts, and feeling you're nuts.
                                                                                                                       i was arrested for killing a black man i'm a black man edit: i'm a half black man
                                                                                                                            why does bono sing acapella when he's feeling down? it takes the edge off it
                                                                                                      if you can't put two and two together you might actually enjoy the plot of the new star wars movie
                                                                                                                         why did the walrus go to the tupperware store? he was looking for a tight seal.
                                                                                                                                              did you hear about the kidnapping? don't worry, he woke up
                                                                                                             shoutout to toilet paper... ...for always being there for me while i'm having a shitty day.
                                                                                                                                     what kind of suit does a lawyer like best? the spanish inquisition.
                                                                                            a girl phoned me the other day and said..."come on over, there's nobody home." i went over. nobody was home.
                                                                                                                                            rumour has it that i got a new computer today... it's adele!
                                                                                                      my collegue just threw my punch card at me, i ducked just in time!!! but i almost got clocked out!
                                                                                                                                            what did the fish say when he swam into a wall? (long) damn.
                                                                                                                                                     what's a magician's favorite mexican dish? tostada!
                                                                                                                                                                          i kid you not. -condom wearers
                                                            hi, grandma? can u come pick me up from my rap battle? it's over. no, i lost. he saw u drop me off & did a pretty devastating rhyme about it
                                                                                                               what do you call it when an author catches you off guard with innuendo? surprise subtext.
                                                                                                                            *first date* him: you have a very defined jawline. me: thanks! i chew a lot.
                                                                   guide to diy: 1. double the cost estimate. 2. double the time it should take. 3. live with it for 3 months 4. hire someone to fix it.
                                                                                                                i just found out that his full name is actually....vehicle identification number diesel.
                                                                           i feel so bad when i see a woman wearing a shirt that says gap on it. (oc) i want tell them, "you're so much more than that!"
                                                                                                                                    why do skeletons have so many kids? because all they can do is bone.
                                                                                                                                what is the difference between ice and dry ice ? dry ice lacks of water.
                                                                                                                                                              r.i.p. prince we have truly lost a symbol.
                                                                                                                                what do you get if you mix..... mexicans with samoans? some mo mexicans!
                                                                                                                    what is the difference between santa claus and the jews? the jews go up the chimney.
                                                                                                                why was president banana of zimbabwe elected? he had great appeal. - courtesy of my dad.
                                                                                                                                            how did the burglary tournament work? it was a round robbin'
                                                                wild horses could definitely drag me away. tame horses could too. a slightly muscular hamster probably could drag me away at this point.
                                                                                                                                                     on my cakeday... ... -1 2^3   and it was delicious!
                                                                                                                                                          i've been thinking about you...owl night long.
                                                                                                                                            my business card is just a label i peeled off a beer bottle.
                                                                                                       a friend of mine just had a penis extension. and now his house looks really stupid. -gary delaney
                                                                                                                                turns out it wasn't vertigo causing me to run into things, it was vodka.
                                                                                                                                                                 i would lose weight, but i hate losing.
                                                                                                i like to imagine the person who originated head & shoulders shampoo had really, really hairy shoulders.
                                                                                                          i stopped a girl from getting raped last week it wasn't very hard. i just stopped chasing her.
                                                                                                            i heard apple is trying to develop a new car. but they're having trouble installing windows.
                                                                        my annoying little cousin is bragging about how he sleeps in a race car bed. whatever, you little idiot.. i sleep in a real car.
                                                                                                                                                  you know what's funny? an unexpected shift in context.
                                                                                                                                  my friend failed astronomy... i failed too, if it's any constellation.
                                                            "..all the king's horses & all the king's men couldn't get humpty together again" *raises hand* what guy thought horses might figure it out?
                                                                                                                       an app that tells you the cleanest highway bathrooms. why isn't this a thing yet.
                                                              *gandalf rollerblades into the club* "yo dj play some dirty dubste-- *slips on a drink & lands flat on face* "scrap that call an ambulance
                                                             i am dressed in all grey and a man also dressed in all grey just stared at me and for a second i got very nervous that he thought i was him
                                                                                                         what do you do when your car is making a really annoying noise? open the door and kick her out.
                                                                                                                                         why was barbie never pregnant? because ken came in another box.
                                                                                                                            what's the difference between you and a calendar? a calendar has a future...
                        i cooked for my fiancee's parents for the first time as i handed out the rarely cooked steak harry (her father) said, "i like it well done." i said, "thanks, that means a lot."
                                                                            what did one astronomer say to another astronomer about his obsessed girlfriend man, she is already inside my event horizon.
            til the creator of the hokey pokey died last week. planning his funeral went fine until it was time to put him in the casket. they put his left foot in and that's when the trouble started.
                                                                                                                     it's a shame the parisian christmas buttplug was destroyed... it fitted in so well.
                                                                                                                            "benjamin button" *"benjamin who?"* "benjamin" *"who's there"* "knock knock"
                                                                                                                                 what happens if you built communism in sahara answer: shortages of sand
                                                                                                                                           the past, present, and future walks into a bar. it was tense.
                                                                           [park] stranger: your dog is unusual looking me: yeah, he's interbred duck: [waddles up] i'll tell you who else is into bread
                                                                                                                                             i now have more electronic screens in my life than friends.
                                                             what's the difference between a pair of shoes and a ginger girl? you try your best to keep your shoes from getting wet when you go to town.
                                                                                                                                                                     of course jesus saves. he's jewish.
                                                                         so i met a terrorist the other day and asked him about his ethnicity. you wanna know what he said? i don't know, by then i ran.
 i was teaching a bunch of black teenagers about slavery. none of them liked the concept, but their grandparents were sold on the idea. edit: so i come back to my joke and have no idea what happene...
                                                                           i was offered a job working as medieval escort. unfortunately, i turned it down because i would have to work fucking knights.
                                                                                                                                        why are americans so bad at chess? they already lost two towers.
                                                                                                                          choosing between trader joe's and whole foods is white people's real twilight.
                                                                                                                                           what did the cake say to the knife? you want a piece of me?!?
                                                                                                                        why did satan need life alert? because he had fallen, and could not get back up.
                                                                 everyone type it with me: a lot is two words. a lot is two words. a lot is two words. a lot is two words. good. tomorrow: irregardless.
                                                                                                                     i like my women like i like my fish battered,chopped up, and stored in the freezer.
                                                                                                                                                      i'm 6'5" and i can't stop talking down to everyone
                                                                                  the best-laid plans of mice and men often go awry. even the worst-laid plans of chuck norris come off without a hitch.
                                                                  [electric chair] "any requests for your final minutes?" "yeh, i want the last episode of lost explained." *acquitted on a technicality
                                                                                   i sell balloons for $1 each, or if you want them blown up it's $1.20. i've adjusted the price to allow for inflation.
                                                              i don't understand how authorities can tell us that we "can't negotiate with terrorists..." i just got a free can of coke with my kebab...
                                                                               big ron was caught speeding on his way to the city ground today. "i'll do anything for 3 points" he said when questioned.
                                                                                                                                    why can't ducks tell jokes when they fly? cause they would quack up.
                                                               someone was taken down to the police station after they were caught drinking vodka from a coffee cup while driving. they took a mug shot.
                 a c-string walks into a bar... a c-string walks into a bar and points to a char next to a float. "can i join you?" he asks. the float replies "you're not my type" and orders a double.
                                                                                                                                                        why is dick short for richard? genetics, i guess
                                                                                                                               what do you call a rapper who likes honey for breakfast? sugar puff daddy
              why do i have to say please when i ask for a sandwich at a restaurant? they don't say please when i'm paying. they say, "that'll be $5". i should be able to say, "that'll be a sandwich."
                                                                                            why did santa bring his sack with him when starring in the pantomime? he wanted to have some stage presents.
                                                                who says jesus couldn't perform miracles? he managed to find mates named matthew, mark, luke and john hanging around in the middle east.
                                                                                                                                                   i never understood why vets... aren't called dogtors.
                                                                                                                                         what's the difference between iceland and ireland? a consonant.
                                                                         someone said that my kid would probably grow up to be president, and i'm not sure if it was meant as a compliment or an insult.
                                                                                              with all the negativity world-wide lately, it's nice to see charlie sheen has announced something positive
                                                                                                                             i met a farmer today hes not well known, but hes out standing in his field.
                                                                                                                         what do a yugo and a bath have in common? you can't step out of them in public.
                                                                                                                    welcome to my garden of actors and on your left, we have the benedict cucumber patch
                                                                                                                                                                              i tried water polo but....
                                                                                                                                                 why can't helen keller drive.... because she's a woman.
                                                                                                      a red boat and a blue boat crash into each other in the ocean... all the passengers were marooned.
                                                                                                                                            you don't really know someone until you get drunk with them.
                                                                                                                                           knock knock who's there ! bumbry ! bumbry who ? bumbry tuna !
                                                                                                                       i want to make a joke about mexicans... ... but i don't want to cross the border.
                                                                                                 what do riding a bike and playing basketball have in common? if you're not careful, you can pop a ball.
                                                                 i hate airplanes and flying. it's like someone throwing a can full of people over the ocean and hoping someone in europe will catch it.
                                                                dentist: been flossing? me: yup d: [reaches into my mouth & pulls out a copy of the ny times dated 7/5/14] i put this in there last time
                                                                                                                                                                when does eminem leave school? aftermath
                                                                                                                                                 what does sonic say when's he on a diet gotta go fast!!
                                                                                                                                        did you hear the one about the guy with no ears? neither did he.
                                                                                    my wife was choking so i quickly googled "how to save a life" was a good song to drown out the noise she was making.
                                                                                                                                                  what do fishermen say on halloween?  "trick-or-trout!"
                                                                                                                   his many tickles does it take to make a squid laugh? ............ ten tickles........
                                                                                                                                                save your breath... you'll need it to blow up your date.
                                                                                         so apparently a neighborhood watch is not watching bad stuff happen to your neighbor's home & then taking a nap
                                                              i've never written a first draft of something that didn't make me think anyone who read it would immediately cut ties with me as a person.
                                                                i played the word "mature" in a game of scrabble. my friend played "immature" and got the triple word score so i flipped the board over.
                                                                                   the cashier told me to have a good new year like my purchase of oven cleaner and frozen pizza suggests anything else.
                                                                                                           how did mary and joseph know that jesus weighed 4.2 kg? cause thay had a weigh in the mangor.
                                                                                          so jesus can turn a glass of water into wine last night my drunk friend could turn a glass of water into puke.
                                                                          why is it called alcoholics anonymous when the first thing you do is stand up and say, my name is peter and i am an alcoholic'
                                                                                                                                               someone told me to stop singing wonderwall. i said maybe.
                                                                                                                        my grandma has dementia the saddest part is watching her slowly forget about dre
                                                                                                                                                gas is getting cheaper back in my day it cost two towers
                                                                                                                          how do you get a blonde to break her nose? place your dick under a glass table
                                                                                                                                                                        who was noah's wife? joan of ark
                                                                                                                                                              how do you get pikachu on the bus? pokemon
                                                                                                                              aren't all these chicken jokes getting a bit redundant and lame? eggsactly
                                                                                                                                                why can't michael jackson play chess? because he's dead.
                                                                                                                i just stopped at a yellow light to give myself a few extra seconds to craft this tweet.
                                                                                                               what's anakin skywalker's favorite beer? yeungling. he can kill off a 12-pack by himself.
                                                                                                                          the wall clock at work seems to be stuck on half past f*ck this sh*t o' clock.
                                                                                                                                   roses are red, violets are blue... i killed your family. you're next.
                                                                                                                                      what's in the toilet of the star ship enterprise? the captains log
                                                        an apple store got robbed last night and $250,000 worth of equipment was stolen. police are confident they can recover both the stolen machines.
                                                                                                                                                  why did the monkey fall out of the tree? heart failure
                                                                                                          where do otters come from? otter space. [credit goes to anne carson, or wherever she heard it]
                                                                                      how can you tell when the chief accountant is getting soft? when he actually listens to marketing before saying no
                                                               *walking into our new house* me: whaddya say we christen our new home? her: *giggling* ok *later, flinging holy water* me: get out ghosts
                                                                                                                 nice beard bro looks like you just ate a bunch of lollipops then made out with your cat
                                                                                                                                                 my favorite endangered species is the black nascar fan.
                                                                                                                  isis is really the worst... ... we should bomb them back to the -- whoops, never mind.
                                                                                                                                                          see you later masturbater afterwhile pedophile
                                                                                                    did you hear about the guy who was caught having sex at sea world? apparently he did it on porpoise.
                                                                                                                             alcohol is a perfect solvent. it dissolves marriages, families and careers.
                                                                                                                                            i like my women like i like my butter in a box, in a fridge.
                                                                                                                               why can't you trust anything matter says? because it makes up everything.
                                                                                                    the night's watch opens a drinking establishment to attract new brothers. they call it the crow bar.
                                                                                         lame! i was tricked into watching ps, i love you! it's definitely not about a guy that marries his playstation.
                                                                                                                                   i find gardeners to be very nice people they're really down to earth.
                                                                                      wife: i love you neil degrasse tyson: my experiences with you lead to an increase in dopamine and oxytocin as well
                                                                [customs] "passport?" *i lift up my bag & a severed head falls out* me: oh no oh god *still rummaging through bag* me: i've forgotten it
                                                                                    two blondes are drawing money from an atm. one of them says to the other... i love the sound of money being printed.
                                                                                                            what did the hungry whale do? he bit the tail off a submarine and sucked out all the seamen.
                                                                                                                   a #colon has only two job options: become a punctuation mark, or work for an asshole.
                                                                                 how i learned to stop worrying and be anxious about different stuff instead while still worrying about the first thing.
                                                                                                                                                             the penguin is mightier than the swordguin.
                                                                                                                                          don't make fun of fat people; they have enough on their plate.
                                                                                               if you watch cops backwards it's just a bunch of people overcoming miraculous obstacles to win free drugs
                                                                                            i really wish i knew who removed the jack from under the car i was working on. the suspension is killing me.
                                                                                                                           i put the 'toast' in 'toaster'. then i take the 'toast' out of the 'toaster'.
                                                                       shout out to the sense of wonder in the eyes of children. also to pistachios. i'll eat a shit ton of pistachios. mmmm pistachios.
                                                                                                 there are 10 types of people in the world: those who understand binary, and nine other types of people.
                                                                                                                 well ladies valentines day is over. time for the men to go back to being a-holes again.
             in light of the dnc event and my own recent experience with the forced install of windows 10.. what do the clinton's have in common with bill gates? they both no longer need your consent.
                                                                                                                                      what's dj khaled's favourite number? 11, because it has another 1.
                                                                                                                   i finally got around to reading that book on watches i got last year it's about time.
                                                                                                                         i remember when you had to subscribe to reader's digest to read jokes this bad.
                                                            if i was penguin's attorney i'd request bail by saying "he's no flight risk!" then hi-5 the whole courtroom but batman. i'd leave him hangin
                                                            my favorite part about fruit is when i run it under water for 3 seconds to convince myself it's no longer covered in carcinogenic pesticides
                                                                                                                what do you call someone who points out the obvious? someone who points out the obvious.
                                                                                                                                                how does jennifer lopez like her cheese? from the block.
                                                                                                                                            sometimes waking up means the best part of your day is over!
                                                              a good thing about dating a vegan is that you could kill 2 birds with 1 stone when you buy flowers because they're also a snack for later.
                                                                                  i wish people's voices actually sounded the way they do when their spouse or partner imitates them during an argument.
                                                                                                              i show people i love them by not spending time with them. it's the best thing i can offer.
                                                                                                                 what should you do if you come across a tiger in the jungle? wipe it off and apologise.
                                                               i saw two kids fighting on the elementary school playground... being the only adult around, i had to step in. they didn't stand a chance.
                                                                                  nothing is quite as scary as hearing your doorbell ring on the same night you made a blood sacrifice to the dark lord.
                                                                                                                             sexual predators are never funny unless lena dunham writes about being one.
                                                                                                                                                do you know what band really bugs me? the aphid brothers
                                                                                                                                                                when is a door not a door? when its ajar
                                                                                                                  there was a pregnant woman.... she was in labor and the doctor said: 'it's labor day!'
                                                                 when my kids misbehave we watch 'honey, i shrunk the kids' and then i make them stand in a giant petri dish while i set up the machine.
                                                                                                                             why were the breakfast potatoes running around hitting each other? hashtag!
                                                                                                                                        common sense is so rare it should be classified as a super power
                                                                                                                                 after the presidential debate, they debate about the debate. mind blown
                                                                                    telescopes probably use mirrors which means there is absolutely no way to know how many vampires there are in space.
                                                                          do not mess with bears. you'll be their victim. yogi bear wears clothes. where did he get his clothes? that's right - a victim
                                                                                            "got kicked out of the hokey pokey class for putting it in, when i was supposed to be shaking it all about."
                                                                                                                         what is the difference between santa and the jews? santa goes down the chimney.
                                                                                                                                                what do you call an alligator in a vest? an investigator
                                                             i dated a girl that wore a mood ring. when happy it would be a pretty blue colour. when she was mad it made a big oval mark on my forehead.
                                                                     lois: "i saw batman yesterday. he's put on a lot of weight" clark: *lowers glasses* "more like fat- lois: "oh my god it's superman"
                                                                                 that awkward moment when you don't know what to do with your life when you leave the computer, so you just get back on.
                                                                                                                            how many vegans does it take to eat a cheeseburger? one if nobody's looking.
                                                                                                    when deaf people want to interrupt each other, do they slap the other person's hands out of the way?
                                                             through a telescope, i see a woman on a planet light years away. she waves. i wave. i awkwardly realize she is waving to the guy behind me.
                                                                                        what are the effects of biggest brainwashing book in human history? i dont know...try asking the suicide bombers
                                                                                                                what do you call a midget psychic who just escaped from prison? a small medium at large!
                                                                                                                   why did man invent the shipping cart? to teach women how to stand on their hind legs.
                                                                                             did you hear burger king is promoting a black whopper? mcdonalds responded by introducing a 3/5ths pounder.
                                                               [glass slipper fits on ugly girl with same shoe size as cinderella] prince charming: um... well. tell ya what, i'm gonna keep on looking.
                                                                                                                                 why is the canadian school system broken because they only give out ehs
                                                                                                         what did the cow say to her husband when he denied pooping in the living room? that's bullshit!
                                                                                                                          my mom keeps asking me who made a mess at the dinner table i spilled the beans
                                                                                                         [nsfw] what do people in arkansas say after having sex? get off me pa you're crushing my smokes
                                                                                when i have to put on one of those thick leather weightlifter belts to take a shit, i know it's time to eat a vegetable.
                         jerk chicken and pulled pork... the owner of my favorite restaurant was arrested for beastiality.. that explains why jerk chicken and pulled pork were the only two menu items.
                                                                              thanks for wiping down my table... a damp surface that smells like a dirty sweat sock is so much better than a few crumbs.
                                                                       when it comes to sex, when is a man the smartest? before, during or after sex? during. because your plugged into a "know it all."
                                                                                                                                        what happens when a t-rex gets strep? his throat becomes saurus.
                                                                        if i had a time machine i'd go back and give myself a bunch of incorrect lotto numbers, and teach myself the value of hard work.
                                                                           sometimes i'm tempted to run into a gym and tell men which machine they should be using to impress women. it's called an atm.
                                                                                  so, a man with a baby newt on his head walks into a barber's... and says, "short back and sides, axolotl off the top."
              so darwin comes across a sad penguin in an airport.... he goes up to the penguin and asks, "why so angry, you cute little fella?" the penguin looks up to him and says "flight's delayed."
                                                                                                                                             michael j. fox's backup job plan. become a living vibrator.
                                                                                                                                                            keep the dream alive: hit the snooze button.
                                                                                                                   twitter  taking the everyday boring shit and putting a much better funny twist on it.
                                                                                                    english is weird.. it can be understood through tough thorough thought, though. edit: r.i.p my inbox
                                                                                              how hard do you think joe biden laughs when a senate's bill gets 69 votes? i bet he has to leave the room.
                                                                                      jokes about pmt are like gmt. there's no physical line but there's signs that let you know when you've crossed it.
                                                                                                                                          any t-shirt can be an ironic t-shirt if you hate things enough
                                                                                                                                       "my phone's about to die." -me, 30 seconds into every phone call.
                                                                            my wife wanted me to go shopping, but i had a headache... i must have caught it from her last night when we didn't have sex.
                                                                                                             my grandpa owned a hot dog chain in germany... you might have heard of it..."anne's franks"
                                                                                                                                          i'm calling my dick "infinite warfare" because no one wants it
                                                                                                                                           what did the dill pickle say to jennifer lopez? u wot m8&gt;?
                                                           a chronic masturbator walks into a bar "oh hi henry", said the bartender, "i've already poured your pint; i saw you coming from a mile away."
                                                                                            did you hear about father dickinson? he had to leave the church after being accused of incest and pedophilia
                                                                                         how many psychologists does it take to change a light bulb? just one. but the light bulb has to want to change.
                                                                                                      i call my penis "newborn baby" because sometimes i have to slap it repeatedly to bring it to life.
                                                                                i gave my number to a really hot girl at the bar and told her to text me when she got home. she must have been homeless.
                                                                                                                                                    where do canadians play basketball? in the nb - "eh"
                                                                                                                                           there are two types of people in this world. and i hate them.
                                                                                                                                                            why does snoop carry an umbrella? fo drizzle
                                                                                                                                        what's the best part of growing up in compton? no bad dad jokes.
                      this is the story of a man named jack. jack was, well lets just say he was a repairman. one day while repairing the shingles on a rooftop, jack got stuck. will you help jack off?
                                                                                                                                    what's the difference between a red head and a blue head? your grip.
                                                                                                                                                                    hey wanna hear a fat joke? [deleted]
                                                                  a man walks into a pizza parlor owned my a couple of monks he walks up to the cashier and says, "can you make me one with everything?"
                                                                                                                                              it might be a handjob for her... but it's a career for me.
                                                                                                      what do men and slurpees have in common? if you don't suck them fast enough they lose their shape.
                                                                   interviewer: where were you born? me: missouri. i: what state are you in now? m: apathy. i: that's not what i meant. m: i don't care.
                                                                                                                                          what was the first porn movie about rappers called? lewdicrous
                                                            *vladimir putin dining* i want russian fries "they're french fries" not for long *crosses ukraine out on agenda & lists france* not for long
                                    i was watching fox sports, but decided to switch to the history channel... you still get to see the us destroy japan, but there are fewer commercials! edit: grammar
                                                                                                                              hey girl, are you a gorilla enclosure.. because i wanna drop a baby in you
                          struggling with christmas presents??? if you're struggling to think of what to get someone for christmas... get them a fridge and watch their face light up when they open it!
                                                                                            me: who is your favourite philosopher? professor: it's hume. me: sorry - whom is your favourite philosopher?
                                                                                                                                                   reddit, you are too cool... ...you give me frostbite.
                                                                                                                 [morbid] what do black people and apples have in common? they both look better hanging.
                                                                                                                          why are smaller breasts better for breastfeeding? they're more of a kids meal.
                                                                                                                i hate the lack of entertainment on westjet flights it's driving me bored-air-line crazy
                                                            when the ups guy hands you that pad where you digitally sign your name, you can put anything. today i put "lame shorts" and nothing happened
                                                                                                              did you hear about the new movie about the nazi with a speech impediment? schindler's lisp
                                                                                                                                imagine how much self-control the people who make bubble wrap must have.
                                                                [in line at starbucks] [woman behind me talking] i work in an office with 50% men so- [excitedly turn around] omg you work with centaurs
                                                                 instead of a tweet up, i think all the twitter crushes should get together for a weekend in the mountains you know... a couples retweet
                                                                             [kelloggs meeting] "okay so, the corn flakes box, what can we put on it?" a chicken "jim is there something wrong at home?"
                                                                                                                                               "computers will never replace humans." - cannibal wisdom.
                                                                                                                                                 just got a houseplant. can't wait til it grows a house.
                                                             when i'm horny, i stroll into rooms on all fours, with my ass shaking up in the air, meowing incessantly until someone throws a shoe at me.
                                                                                                                                         last night an afghan put a jacket on me. he said "you da bomb!"
                                                                                                                            so i made a guardians of the galaxy themed soft drink. i call it groot beer.
                                                                                                                          why do leprechauns laugh when they run? because the grass tickles their balls.
                                                                           trump is the perfect candidate for american guys who secretly believe they could come out of the stands and score a touchdown
                                                                                                                    there are two types of people in this world: people who pee in the shower and liars.
                                                                                                                            sad to hear of the passing of liesl von trapp at the age of 73, going on 74.
                                                                                                                                                       surveys have shown that.. 6/7 dwarfs aren't happy
                                                                                                                                          what's the difference between a doe and dope? one's gotta pee.
                                                                                                                                           why kind of cigarettes do hawaiians smoke? mahalo bro lights.
                                                                                 gaming: what's the difference between a train and sony? when the train announces an arriving "station", you can see it.
                                                                                                    women have always been selfish, even when they were created. they had to have 2 x-chromosomes not 1.
                                                                                                                  i like my wine like i like my women stored in a dark basement till they're 5 years old
                                                                                                                                       what's black and white and red all over? an emo kid with a razor.
                                                                                                                                                          what did the fog say to the grass? i mist you!
                                                                                                                                     why is a good husband like bread dough? because his wife needs him.
                                                                  the rising new trend is " an@l bleaching ". usually i would be against such an activity ,but....some ***holes do need to lighten up !!
                                                                                                                          i don't think i'm ready for the emotional commitment of ordering a happy meal.
                                                                                                                   hardcore ramen: drink boiling water, swallow dried noodle block, snort flavor packet.
                                                                                                                   did you hear about the legless man who got his wheelchair taken away? he was floored.
                                                                                                                                      q. why can't men get mad cow disease? a. because they're all pigs.
                                                                     what's the difference between a girl and a washing machine? when i dump a load into the washing machine it doesn't follow me around
                                                                guys what shall we call thing that impedes movement? guy named barry: "how about a barry?" guy named barry barry: "how about a barrier?"
                                                                                           if i had to describe myself in three words... it would be; tall, dark and unable to follow basic instructions
                                                                            who were the fastest readers of all time? the victims of 9/11. they went through over 87 stories in less than 2 1/2 minutes.
                                                                                                                                                   what is a suicide bomber's biggest fear? dying alone.
                                                                                                                                    have you heard of the guy that lost his left side he's all right now
                                                                                                                                   wanna ruin a girl's day? respond to her next text with "who is this?"
                                                                                                                                                                         "i got you, babe." - kidnappers
                                                                                                                                                                                   hash browns not tags.
                                                                                                                                        what does a mexican magician make for breakfast? toast-tah-dahs!
                                                                                                        my 5yo is a pretty good drawer but there's only so many t-shirts you can fit into a tiny person.
                                                                                                        a court ruled that sharing click-baits is punishable by death. what happens next will shock you.
                                                                                                                            i asked my north korean friend how it was there he said he couldn't complain
                                                                 *boss stops meeting* mike, is there something you'ld like to share with the whole group? me: nooooo, that's why i whispered it to alan.
                                                                                                      what did trump say to hillary when she told him a joke? "you're hillaryus" i'll walk myself out...
                                                                                                                         my grandma always said slow and steady wins the race. she died in a house fire.
                                                                                                                                   hahaha this stupid baby on the bus thinks they can cry louder than me
                                                                                       i'm scared that the mob is looking for me i've been getting a lot of emails from don otreply about bill payments.
                                                                                                                                               hey, do you like duck hunt? what are you, a lesbian duck?
                                           holmes said to his brother, "mycroft, all this heroin that watson administers is making me terribly constipated." and mycroft responded, "no shit, sherlock?"
                                                                                                                   i used to hate the square root of -1 but then i realized i was just imagining things.
                                                                                             sometimes it looks like i'm flashing gang signs, but really i'm just trying to get scotch tape off my hand.
                                                                                                           knock knock joke knock knock, who's there, king tut, king tut who? king-tut-key fried chicken
                                                                                                                                  a magician was driving in his car... ...and he turned into a driveway.
                                                                                                          i thought she said "tantrum sex" and this is probably the most i've ever disappointed a woman.
                                      adam and eve had an ideal marriage. he  didn't have to hear about all the men she could have married and she  didn't have to hear about the way his mother cooked.
                                                                                          just found out men can have sex at 88..... which is handy cos i live at 94 so it's not far to walk home after.
                                                                                                 mr circle went to go see a doctor after being stabbed... the doctor said his blood loss was very sphere
                                                                                                                                          someone should invent bass gloves. so people stop dropping it.
                                                                                                                                                 why is helen keller a bad driver? because she's a woman
                                                                                                                                     i tried giving my cat a bath... but i keep getting hair in my mouth
                                                                                                                      did you hear that the indian bakery closed? i guess it was a naan-profit business.
                                               i come from a small town. i come from a town where the population never changes. everytime a kid is born, some guy leaves town. old rodney dangerfield...
                                                                                                               i need to find out what my company needs to do in order to get protests by topless women.
                                                                                                                                   day six of my push-up challenge. so far, i've eaten 107 push-up pops.
                                                                                                                        why do they call it multiple personality disorder and not being a people-person?
                                                                                                                                                                  my archimedes heel is greek references
                                                                                                        a robot walks into a bar; says he needs to loosen up. so the bartender serves him a screwdriver.
                                                                                                                                                       simba was moving too slow so i told him to mufasa
                                                                                                                       why did they let the chicken join the band? because he brought his own drumsticks
                                                                                                                                        what did one lesbian vampire say to another? see you next month.
                                                                              remember: you don't owe anybody anything. unless they killed someone for you. then they probably deserve a nice gift card.
                                                                                                                        what do you do when you see an indian limping? stop laughing and reload. (sorry)
                                                                        my favorite thing about decorative towels is how you're not allowed to use them. because nothing says class like useless towels.
                                                                                                                                        [god creating an pigeon] what if i gave this piece of shit wings
                                                                                                            why don't you want a turkey at your thanksgiving dinner? because it'll gobble up everything.
                                                                                                                                                 a joke is a lot like a dick a feminist cant take either
                                                                                                                                                        it ain't the jeans that make your butt look fat.
                                                                  you could make a whole biopic about my life using only the infomercial footage of people unable to perform simple tasks for no reason.
                                                                                         i worry that if nike sponsored a suicide prevention day event... ...the words "just do it" would be everywhere.
                                                               [job interview] you sure you know what it means to be a real estate developer? [i picture myself yelling at a building to try harder] yes
                                                                                                   the only 'b' word you should ever call a woman is beautiful..... bitches love being called beautiful!
                                                                                                                                                  what do you call sex with a black person? beastiality.
                                                                                          i got a new job! i got a great new job working for the mint. i'm gonna make so much money! also steal a bunch.
                                                                                                                                         i'm not laughing at you, i'm laughing with other people at you.
                                                                                                                                             where does a sad chemist find employment? at an apathycary!
                                                                                                                  bloom should not have punched beiber ... after all, you punch a man, you slap a bitch.
                                                                                                                                                          what to gay men call hemorrhoids?? speed bumps
                                                               "mom i wanna go bungee jumping." "no!" "but all my friends are going" "oh! so if your friends jump off a cliff, will you too?" "er...yes"
                                                                                                                                               what do you call spaghetti made by jamaican? rasta pasta.
                                                             i tried to contact joan rivers through my ouija board, and a message came back: "if i wasn't already dead, your outfit would've killed me".
                                                                                                                                                 i hate it when i punch ghosts! http://imgur.com/lvv8d6w
                                                                                                            life is like a game of monopoly: if you're good at it, the rest of your family will hate you
                                                              okay ready? what if ancient egyptians put cats on everything because they totally saw the future and they knew what the internet was about
                                                                       apparently other than the russian ties, another interesting revelation was released about trump. he loves trickle-down economics.
                                                                                                                             what did the annoying orange say on fox news? "we're going to build a wall"
                                                                                                                                   what happens when a bull and a horse go to a bar? they get bucked up!
                                                                                           this subreddit has terrible puns on pretty much every subject. in particular, it has puns about the scottish.
                                 a programmer's wife sends him to the store for a loaf of bread. on his way out she adds, "and if they have eggs, get a dozen". he returns home with 12 loaves of bread.
                                                                                                                                                                                             sarah palin
                                                                                                   i hate when i'm spying on someone while they're showering and they let out a huge fart. what a sicko.
                                                                                                           what's the worst thing about being a black jew? you have to sit at the back seat of the oven.
                                                             #1 complaint of armored car drivers? people they talk to along the way ending the conversation with "...and you can take that to the bank!"
                                                                                                                                                            would a charming vampire be a neck-romancer?
                                                               a doctor, nun, priest, englishman, irishman and scotsman all walk into a bar. the barman takes one look and says: 'what is this, a joke?'
                                                                                                          what do you get when you cross an elephant with a kangaroo? great big holes all over australia
                                                                                                                                       i won't believe corporations are people until texas executes one.
                                                                                                                            what do you call someone who finishes a sentence with you? partner in crime.
                                                                      if a fat person has a fully functioning penis... if a fat person has a fully functioning penis, does that make them a sperm whale?
                                                                                                                                 kids wouldn't stop shooting me. so i took their guns and *nerfed* them.
                                                                                                              why was han solo suspicious when he first put his penis in princess leia? it was luke warm
                                                                                                     [work email] me: can i meat the new guy? boss: meet? okay, sure... me: great! *hides bag of steaks*
                                                                                                                                                eating at a t.g.i. fridays on a monday tastes like lies.
                                                                                                              the only acceptable man buns... ...are the buns men are born with below the waist. #datass
                                                                                                                                      my teacher reminds me of history  she's always repeating herself !
                                                                                                                     tifu by sending my nudes to everyone in my address book cost me a fortune in stamps
                                                                                                               what do bears and women from arkansas have in common? they can't stop licking their paws.
                                                                                                                      why should't old people eat healthy? they need all the preservatives they can get.
                                                                                                                                                      where does the king keep his penis? in his deskis.
                                                                                                                                      a man proposes to his girlfriend. she has one condition. syphilis.
                                                                                              i don't have a problem with 5p carrier bags, i have a bag for life, ever since i got married last year. ^^
                                                                                                                              a cyclist told me to share the road, so i threw a piece of asphalt at him.
                                                       this 'planking' craze has really taken off... the old man who lives next door to me has been lying face-down in his back yard for three days now.
                                                                                                                     what is the first thing men newborns do before first breath? give head to their mom
                                                                                    i can't stop watching myself on this walgreens surveillance monitor. crazy how the camera adds 40 pounds and a limp!
                                                                                                                          saw this bloke chatting up a cheetah i thought, he's trying to pull a fast one
                                                                        i bet nobody noticed superman flying around at first, so clark just started pointing out every bird and plane until it caught on
                                                                                                                      synonym is just another word for a word that means the same thing as another word.
            surprisingly, the only street fighter ii move based on one of chuck norris' was chun-li's. chuck norris prefers to travel by performing four upside-down double-roundhouse kicks per second.
                                                                                                                                                                          a guy walks into a bar... ouch
                                                                                                               how do you know a redneck invented the tooth brush? we would have called it a teeth brush
                                                                   went to a nude beach today and let me tell you- i had a lot of women's attention. i could just feel them dressing me with their eyes.
                                                                                                                 why do all black people have nightmares? because the last one to have a dream got shot.
                                                                                                                                              so did you hear about the guy who didn't finish his jokes?
                                                                                                                                                           really good joke!!!! don't click! nsfw lemkie
                                                                                                                               what was roe v. wade really about? the fastest way to get across a river.
                                                                       don't judge me because i like 80's music. judge me because i had a late term abortion because a baby would ruin my holiday plans.
                                                                                                                                   i used to pay out of pocket for viagra... it was hard for a long time
                                                                                                                   that awkward moment when both your knees are bruised, but all you did was gardening..
                     a couple are having trouble with their marriage... wife: we used to have something special jon! something rare and precious! what happened to that? husband: you spent it all dear.
                                                                                                                                                                 if a clown farts.. does it smell funny?
                                                               interviewer: why do you want to work here? me: *crumbs tumbling from my mouth* oh, i don't. i was just walking by and saw you had donuts.
                                                   one farmer says to another farmer... "you can get more sales out of your crops by canning." the second farmer looks and says, "i know, i can. i can."
                                                                                                                          when does a van become a can? when it travels at the speed of light, i.e v=c..
                                                                                                                               if evolution is real how come? monkeys still throw their poop underhanded
                                                                      "son do you know how to tell if a pineapple is ripe?" *throws pineapple against grocery store wall* "ah nuts that was a good one."
                                                                                                                                     what animal has 5 legs? a pit bull coming back from the playground.
                                                                 called the front desk of our motel and told him "i've gotta leak in the sink." he said "that's ok, just rinse it out when you're done."
                                                                                                                                                                                   lobsters gonna lobst.
                                                                                                                         what time zone are you in when you find a sheep stuck in a fence? mountin' time
                                                                                                   where is the safest place to stay at ferguson? the public pool, if it is too crowded try the library.
                                                                                                    what do the walking dead and the state of wisconsin have in common? they both have a hated governor.
                                                                                                                   this guy came up to me and told me that he fucked my mom my step dad is weird as fuck
                                                                                                                                          what do composers prepare their ingredients on? a chopin board
                                                                                                                                        if ignorance is bliss, you must be the happiest person on earth.
                                                                                                                             what did the little boy with no arms and no legs get for christmas? cancer.
                                                                                         jokes about wife. first guy (proudly): 'my wife's an angel!' second guy: 'you're lucky, mine's still alive. lol
                                                                                                                                i watched two gay guys put up a tent today.... ...that was a camp sight.
                                                                                                                           [opens "where's waldo?" book to page with eiffel tower.] "paris. easy. next!"
                                                                                      hmmm,,,, tell me more about this "victim" role you play due to the circumstances that you've created for yourself.
                                                                                                                                   where does darth vader go shopping? the darth mall! haha, funny joke.
                                                                                                                i want to make medical bracelets that say "in case of emergency, delete browser history"
                                                                                                                                                                              math proves girls are evil
                           a guy walks into a pet store wanting to buy a talking bird. he sees a parrot and says to the bird, "hey, can you speak, stupid?" the bird replies, "yes, can you fly, dummy?"
                                                                                                                            til: during a military coup ...most people just stand around and do nothing.
                                                                                                        the only problem with kissing a perfect 10... ...is how cold the mirror feels against your lips.
                                                                                                   my gym teacher said get in line or ill tip a cow. i asked "how much money are you gonna tip the cow?"
                                                                                                                                                             where do you take a cheque? czechoslovakia.
                                                                                                                               how many paedophiles does it take to change a lightbulb? no more than 12.
                                                                                                                         why does a blonde girl have a bruised belly button? she has a blonde boyfriend.
                                      a man walks into a fancy dress party carrying a woman on his back... the host asks the man why this is so. "oh, i'm a tortoise and this is michelle" says the man.
                                                                                                           what do you if there is a black out? make sure your doors are locked and windows bolted shut.
                                                                           a lawyer walks into a bar. a lawyer leaves the bar. a lawyer walks into the bar. a lawyer fails the bar because he was drunk.
                                                           why did jon snow stand in line for 6 hours at the apple store? for the watch? not really he knows nothing, you can only buy the watch online.
                                                                                                                                        if lamar odom would've died... he would've went out with a bang.
                                                                                                                  "give me the best quality tv commercial i can get for $57!" -every attorney apparently
                                                                                                                      what is it called when an unborn baby dies in a horse-drawn sleigh? a mis-carriage
                                                                                                                                          q: what did the blonde's dentist find? a: teeth in the cavity.
                                                                                                                                     what is kanye west's favorite kind of omelette? omelette you finish
                                                                                                                me: damn, doc i'm losing my hair. what can you give me to keep it in? dr.: a plastic bag
                                                                          how many women does it take to change a lightbulb? just one. she holds it still and waits for the world to revolve around her.
                                                                                     i'd like to tell you about two things: reverse psychology and recycling. but, nah, reddit wouldn't wanna hear it...
                                                                                        today i fell asleep for twenty minutes during a thirty minute car ride, which was strange because i was driving.
                                                                                                                  why is ireland the richest country in the world? because the capital is always dublin.
                                                                                                                                                i can see your camouflage pants, so they're not working.
                                                                                                my girlfriend just dumped me for talking too much about video games what a ridiculous thing to fallout 4
                                                                            sorry i'm shit faced why did the midget go swimming in the kitchen? there were microwaves. sorry i was drunk making popcorn.
                                                                                                                                                       what did the sadist do to the masochist? nothing.
                                                                                                                             what do you say when your mom walks in on you fapping? c-c-c-combo breaker!
                                                                                                                                     what do you tell someone annoying you need a moment? one sec, cunt.
                                                                                                                         you hear about the indian chief that drank a case of tea he died in his tee pee
                                                                                                                          what happens to pastors who eat chili dogs? they have to sit in their own pew.
                                                                                                                           why do mobius strips make such bad politicians? they can be rather one-sided.
                                                                                                        shakespeare's the life and death of king richard iii spoiler alert: richard iii dies in the end.
          two robots walk into a bar... [...and are immediately banned from the establishment.](https://www.reddit.com/r/jokes/comments/3sxirv/a_man_walks_into_a_bar_and_orders_a_rum_and_coke/cx1bzxf)
                                                                i'll take "much ado" for $1000, alex. answer: "john wayne...jeff bridges... donald trump." "who are the duke, the dude, and the douche."
                                                                                                                                                       what do you call a man with three cocks? a farmer
                                                                                                              people who eat hotdogs from a gas station, you know there's faster ways to commit suicide?
                                                                                                             did you hear about the guy who stole a dictionary from the library? he got away with words.
                                                            romeo:but, soft! what light through yonder window breaks? me:well if you'd just sod off like i asked, i wouldn't have to throw lamps at you.
                               hooters sucks! feed you messy ass hot wings presented by one the hottest skimpiest dressed big boobed blonde. its like they're daring to go to the bathroom and jack off.
                                                        why does a belgian take a stone and a flashlight to bed? the stone to throw the lights out, the flashlight to check if the lights are really out
                                                                                 husband getting dressed: me: purple and green don't go together. husband: it works for the joker. me: my point exactly.
                                                                                                                                                     what do you find in a cloud's shorts? thunderpants!
                                                                                                                               if norman bates was batman's dad.. would alfred call bruce, master bates?
                                                                                                                         i have a severe allergy to alcohol whenever i drink it i breakout in handcuffs.
                                                                                                                   what do you say when the inventor of the telephone falls over? alexander graham fell!
                                                                                                           reminder: the best way to say benedict cumberbatch is to the tune of photograph by nickelback
                                                               "thanks for turning me into an expression of contempt. sorry about making delicious nourishment so damned accessible." -low-hanging fruit
                                                                                                                      what did the chinese guy tell the police when he was caught? you got the wong guy.
                                                                                                                                                                 i have sex daily i mean dyslexia. fuck.
                                    "dad" said fred to his father who was a  bank robber. "i need $50 for the school trip tomorrow." "ok son" said his dad "i'll get you the cash when the bank closes."
                                                                                                  i don't believe trump when he says he doesn't smoke in the past 2 months i've seen him smoke 2 cubans.
                                                                                                      how many cops does it take to change a light bulb? (none, they just beat the room for being black)
                                                                                                                                             a one-word joke that'll make any australian laugh politics.
                                                                                                so my penis used to be in the guinness book of world records i'm not allowed in barnes and noble anymore
                                                                 why would a straight guy hate gay guys? here's a group of men who look better than you.. but don't even want women. you should be glad.
                                                                          dear people with resolutions, please bring all your unwanted.. bread, junk food, soda, drugs, and alcohol to my house. thanks.
                                                                         you hear about the guy who was accused of jerking off with hand soap for his erectile disfunction? well, he finally came clean.
                                                              today is national girlfriend's day. but it will never be national marriage day. the calendar's just not ready for that kind of commitment.
                                                                                     its so hard to know where you're at when your boss is a powerlifter.... they just keep raising and lowering the bar
                      what pets think about their owners? a dog: he feeds me, takes care about me, gives me shelter... he is god. a cat: he feeds me, takes care about me, gives me shelter... i am god.
                                                                                                                      a naked jew with an erection running at full speed hits a wall he breaks his nose.
                                                                                                                                                  apples are my second favourite fruit. they're sublime!
                                                                                                                                                 maybe 6% of pens work. terrible job, pen manufacturers.
            nsfw what does a suicide bomber need virgins for i read that suicide bombers get offered a bunch of virgins in heaven but whats a pile of mince meat going to do with them in heaven anyway.
                                                                                                                                     i saw a man hitting on a cheetah. he was trying to pull a fast one!
                                                                                                                       i don't know about you, but i could really go for a punch in your face right now.
                                                                                                                         what is the most common educational degree in new mexico? kindergarten dropout.
                                                                                                                                what did the little black kid think when he got diarrhea? he was melting
                                                                        what's green and has wheels. a dolphin. i lied about the wheels. i also lied about it being green. i lied about the whole thing.
                         hey dad, wanna hear a dirty joke? [sfw] me: hey dad, wanna hear a dirty joke? dad: no, do you wanna hear a dirty joke? me: sure... dad: four white horses fell in a mud puddle.
                                                                                                                                                          whatever mom, if that's even your real name!!!
                                                                                                                                want to hear the worst self-referential joke in the world? you just did!
                                                                                               "911 what's your em-" stampede "slow down sir" in the gorge "sir i'm gonna need you t-" simbas down there
                                                                                                                                                         what do you call a camel with 3 humps? pregnant
                                                                          what is a dog covered in poo called? a shit-szu. i thought of this due to the fact that my shitszu came inside covered in mud.
                                                                                                                                     do not take life too seriously. you will never get out of it alive.
                                                                                                                        i'm so happy i'm not as cool as you. because then i'd be a huge fucking asshole.
                                                                           i can't figure out why my son hates me. tim hates you? no, my other son. i can't remember his name. i just call him "not tim"
                                                                                                                                            damn girl are you a pet rock? because i want you in my butt.
                                                                                                                                       what's another word for a face tattoo? an everlasting jobstopper.
                                                                                                                                                    what do you call a wolf you cant find? a where wolf.
                                                                                                                          the creator of throat lozvenges died and i went to his funeral no coffin there
                                                                          me: sometimes you need to pick yourself up, dust yourself off, enfarcorate, and move on. you know what i'm saying? friend: ...
                                                                                                          i just caught an alien maturbating in my freezer. he looked up at me and said, "i cum in peas"
                                                                                                                  what do epidemiologists do? how about kinesiologists? study epidemies....and kinesies.
                       what did the pervert say to the sex detective? i'm sorry officer i didn't know this was your jurisdicktion. i heard this on a movie years ago, can anyone guess which one it was?
                                                                                                                        roses are red... our flag is too raise your hand to the sky and gas all the jews
                                                                                                         did you hear about the thin guy who went to alaska for six months? he came back a husky fucker.
                                                                                                                                              what happens when ducks fly upside down ?  they quack up !
                                                                                                                         watch out for the black ice outside of the bank. it'll rob you of your balance.
                                                                                                                                          why i don't like people: 1% logical reasons. 99% just because.
                                                                                                      i asked my mom why i had to go to singing lessons. she told me it was a skill i needed to a choir.
                                                                                                                                        did you hear about the mexican train killer? he had locomotives.
                                                                                                                        i got fired from my office job for misunderstanding the meaning of 3 hole punch.
                                                                                                                             what's the most important part about making a pokemon joke? the exeggution!
                                                                                                                                                   lol at people with only 99 problems what's that like?
                                                                                                                                                          why is poo tapered? so your arse doesn't slam.
                                                                                        whenever my anorexic girlfriend says she needs a pee, i never know if she needs the toilet or she's just hungry.
                                                                                                                                               jesus wrote a play about a tornado. it was an act of god.
                                                                                 a cowboy rides into town on friday, stays three days, and leaves on friday. how'd he do it? the horses name was friday.
                                                                                                                      i wish i was a wal mart truck driver... because i missed tracy morgan on saturday.
                                               i got a call today from a distorted voice saying "five grand in cash, or we kill your wife" both options were tempting,  but i decided to take the money.
                                                                                                                              we need more women in science! said the feminist gender studies student...
                                                                 *at an aa meeting* "hi, i'm andy and i have a drinking problem. i have 2 hands and only 1 mouth. lol." *gets aggressively escorted out*
                                                                                                                            the doctors tested a man to see if he was gay. he passed with flying colors.
                                                                                              what do you get when you put the entire south carolina cheerleading team in one room? a full set of teeth.
                                  a female officer arrests a drunk. she warns him, "you have the right to remain silent. anything you say can and will be held against you." the drunk replies, "boobs."
                                                                                                                  what would you get if you crossed a monster  with a thanksgiving dessert? bumpkin pie!
                                                                        to the raisin i just beat to death with my shoe.. eww! i thought you were a spider. eww! someone's bringing raisins in my house.
                                                                have you ever been so high you had to pull over and ask someone for directions, and when you do it's your fridge and you're not driving?
                                                                                                                                 why did the soviets decide to be russian? cuz they got tired of stalin.
                                     the anti pick-up line. "did it hurt when you fell from heaven? [pause while smiling] because it looks like you landed on your face" i'd love to hear some of yours.
                                                      what do donald trump and a pumpkin have in common? they're orange on the outside, hollow on the inside and should be tossed out in early november.
                                                                                                                    what do you call two irish gunfighters in a duel? kenny killarney and arny kilkenny.
                                                                         you haven't lived until you've tried to make a bed and the sheets get caught by a ceiling fan and destroy all lamps in the room
                                                                                                                                                            what do you call a black ninja? incog-negro.
                                                                                                                                                  you know what my favorite type of cupholder is? a bra.
                                                                                                                  "you can't tell me what to do! i do what i want!"- toddlers, teenagers and us congress
                             what's the difference between a chickpea and a garabonzo bean? i don't have a garabonzo bean in my garage because that's where i get pee'd on so there is tarps everywhere.
                                                                                                                                           google needs a "you really don't want to know" search answer.
                                                              a squirrel buries a nut in my backyard. i think im going to dig it up & replace it with a grilled cheese sandwich, blow its freaking mind!
                                                                                                                                                           what is mozart doing right now? *decomposing*
                                                                dating in your 30s is like looking for a parking spot..... the good ones are all taken. the rest are either handicapped or too far away.
                                    if you had one dollar and you asked your father for another how many dollars would you have? one dollar.  you don't know your arithmetic. you don't know my father !
                                                        bruce jenner coffee! it's so mild that it can change a strong man into a gentle lady with only two sips, and about $100,000 in cosmetic surgery.
                                                                                                                                                  you wanna know the best food to eat when sad? cheerios
                                                                                                                                   noticed something between my grandma's boobs today. her belly button.
                                                                                         do you know why santa only work on the 25th of december? because he knows where all the bad girls are...(sorry)
                                                              according to daytime tv commercials..just by being alive, you may entitled to compensation from somebody and a lawyer is there to get paid
                                                                                                                                lava can't melt marble columns. pompeii was an inside job! wake up rome!
                                                                                                                          i have lots of great personality traits. or as my doctor calls them, symptoms.
                                                                                                                                    what do you call a kid with no legs, no arms and an eyepatch? names.
                                                            told my kids to get rid of toys they don't play with, so if you hear a commotion it's just them desperately playing with every toy they own.
                                                                                                                                                              q. how do blonde brain cells die? a. alone
                                                                           a black man and a feather fall out of a tree. which hits the ground first? the feather. the black man is stopped by the rope.
                                                                                                                       just watched die hard 2. people in 1990 sure knew how to shrug off a plane crash.
                                                                         people i live with are hiding my shit. the two most effective hiding places to date: 1) out in the open 2) where i last left it
                                                                                           all the tellers at my bank are females.. .. that means i can probably rob the whole place with just a spider.
                                                                                                                                           q: what do you call cheese that isn't yours? a: nacho cheese.
                                                                                      my life would be so much better if i could use a smokebomb to conceal my escape after being turned down by a girl.
                                                                                                      why are redneck murders so hard to solve? there are no dental records and all the dna is the same.
                                                                                                                          if r/jokes was a person, what organ would he be having problems with? de-liver
                                                                                                                          what do you call people who aren't christian? light, because they're massless.
     so a pirate wants to get his ears pierced... he goes to the mall where he finds an ear piercing kiosk and asks the girl how much it would cost. the girl turns and says, "oh hi! it's a buccaneer!"
                                                                                   bodybuilder 1 says to bodybuilder 2 "hey man, i think we're out of protein powder" bodybuilder 2 responds "no whey!!"
                                                           does anyone have a recipe for sausage and apples? i asked my girlfriend what she wanted tonight and she said she could use a wiener in cider.
                                                                                         i tried to make friends at a midget convention by telling some jokes but all my material went over their heads.
                                                                       campus bookstore robbed the campus bookstore was just robbed of $25000. the criminal was seen taking a sweatshirt and 4 textbooks
                                                                                                                                                                           rams&gt;cowboys coincidence ?
                                                                                                                                                    what is an autograph? a chart which shows car sales.
                                                                                               wow i can't believe i stopped a girl from being raped tonight... i got exhausted and stopped chasing her.
                                                                                                                                                        i like my steak how i like my women tinder-ized.
                                                                                                                                                        i wouldn't step onto a plane with thrust issues.
                                                                                                                                   if you watch the biggest loser backwards it's a story about your mom.
                                                                                                                                       what aftershave does james bond uses after retirement? old spyce.
                                                                                                                                     can a ninja throw any pointy object with lethal accuracy ? shuriken
                                                                                                 i've been getting into astronomy so i installed a skylight... the people who live above me are furious.
                                                                                                                                                      what is hitler's favorite drink? concentrated jews
                                                             husband is leaning dangerously out of window whilst he cleans it. only thing stopping me from shoving him out is that he cleans the windows
                                                                                                                                                       there's no harm in pretending to smoke cigarettes
                                                                  my coffee shop in tokyo hasn't had many customers in the last couple of months... it's ok now though, people are starting to drift in.
                                                                                                                                                     what do you call a wandering caveman? a meanderthal
                                                                            what's a frog's favorite pass-time on the internet? (sorry if this is a re-post.) reeeedit *(say/think it in a frog voice!)*
                                                                                                   why don't junior league debutantes engage in group sex? too many thank you notes to write afterwards.
                                                                              my wife gave me the silent treatment for a week... it ended when i told her "we've been getting along really well lately".
                                                                   there are only 10 types of people in the world... those who understand ternary, those who don't, and those who mistake it for binary.
                                                                                                                                                "lebron has cramps"... i get those every month you baby.
                                                                                                  a reality tv mogul, a woman, and a jew are running for president... and that's just the front runners!
                                                                                                                                whenever i drop something edible i just call my dog over to clean it up.
                                                              *cop pulls me over* "sir do you-" you a cop? you have to tell me if you're a cop "what?" you seem cool. wanna buy some weed? *pause* "yes"
                                          3 legged bear..... there was a 3 legged bear in the woods, sad as it was he ran into a one legged bear from alaska - he was the 3 legged bears polar opposite.
                                                                                                                                               i'm not racist. i just have a problem with people's tone.
                                                                                        morning workout: turn on treadmill. untangle headphones for 14 minutes. get frustrated, leave and eat doughnuts.
                                                                                                                                   why is 6 afraid of 7? because 7 left him a note saying "you're next".
                                                                                                                                                        what do you feed an autistic donkey? ass burgers
                                                                                                                                              who does a jedi call when he forgets his keys? a locksith.
                                                                                                                                   mexican jokes aren't funny there's a border between humor and racism.
                                                                                                 do we even know how much anything else costs in africa? maybe $1 a day to feed a child is way too much.
                                                                                           went into dollar store. asked for a dollar. cashier did not give me one. suing company for false advertising.
                                                                                                                                                                          an irishman walks out of a bar
                                                                   the cashier seemed to appreciate that i bagged my own groceries until i unpacked them all and said, "that's how i want you to do it."
                                                                                              i just patented a new device that allows you to pee while watching a movie... it's called the "catheater".
                                                                                                                                two blondes were walking on either side of the railway track jokes apart
                                                                                                                                                     im not a morning person. in the morning i am a goat
                                                                                                               why does helen keller masturbate with only 1 hand? because she is moaning with the other.
                                                                          every time i have sex with my girlfriend i put a dollar in a jar. on valentine's day i use what i saved to buy a gift for her.
                                                            [invents time machine and goes back to the dinosaurs] "in a few years its gonna be really cold" *hands them mixtape* "you're gone need this"
                                                                                                                                              what do you do if you see a spaceman? you park in it, man.
                                                               "hey, careful with that ipod, man, that was expensive." "so? you didn't pay for it." and that's how my kid learned the truth about santa.
                                                                             i'm sick and tired of people telling me to turn off lights to save the environment. i tried it once and i killed a cyclist.
                                                                                   "yo mama is so fat, when she was cremated all the flights in europe got cancelled."-my 10 year old cousin. right now.
                                                                        finally cleaned out the fridge to make meal planning easier. tonight, we're having buttered olives with mustard and baking soda.
                                                                                                                                           what'll happen if a piano is dropped on a man? he will b flat
                                                                                                                                                              sequencing. what's the key to a good joke?
                                                            obama says he supports gay marriage because his views have "evolved." republicans unsure which half of the sentence to get more angry about.
                                                                                          yesterday my boss asked why i was tardy and i said, "i don't think you're supposed call people that any more."
                                                                     [getting a massage] me: i have tension in my lower back. *therapist begins* me: lower. me: lower. th: but that's your a- me: lower!
                                                            when my gang enters a brawl, we take small steps forward while snapping in unison. jeff does a flip off a wall too. its pretty intimidating.
                                                if optimus prime was a pokemon, what would his most used attacks be? transform and rollout. (when you tell this to people wait and see if they guess it)
                                                                                                            editors at fashion magazines, you're doing a great job. women continue to hate their bodies.
                                                                                                       donald trump, hillary clinton, and ted cruz are left on a deserted island, who survives? america.
                                                                                                                                                   where do ghosts go for their holidays?  the dead sea.
                                          add a word to ruin a movie name: 1- batman begins...school 2- charlottes web ... cam 3- the birds...pop 4- jennifer's body...so hot 5- the cousin's...password
                                                                                                                                            [nsfw] never look down on someone unless you're getting head
                                                                                                                            why didn't isaac newton drink wine? he knew better than to drink and derive.
                                                                                                                        why did everyone turn away when the race car drove past? it had a spoiler on it.
                                                                                                people used to dress as monsters for halloween. now they dress as characters from shows you don't watch.
                                                                                                                                   whoever decided how to spell camouflage is a terrible terrible person
                                                                                                          i saw a sign that said "watch for children" and thought to myself, "sounds like a fair trade."
                                had a job interview yesterday and was asked how much i was worth so i got up to leave. they ask me if there is a problem? yes there is, i can't afford to live off that.
                                                                                                            if caitlyn jenner goes missing do they put her photo on the back of a bottle of tranny fluid
                                                                  please follow the instructions 1) read all instructions 2) sacrifice a goat 3) cut off your fingers 4) eat glass 5) only do number one
                                                                                                                how do you put 4 elephants in a small car ? 2 in the front seats and 2 in the back seats
                                   how do you tell who loves you more. your wife or your dog? put both of them in the trunk of your car...drive around...open the trunk and see who is happy to see you.
                                                                                                                        i am motherfucking sick of the motherfucking delays on this motherfucking train!
                                                                                                                        9-1-1 help, someone buried me alive *looks at phone* christ, and there's no wifi
                                                                                   what did the egg say after he was put in a pot of boiling water? i just got laid by a chick and now i'm getting hard.
                                                                                                         my wife is such a bad cook,if we leave dental floss in the kitchen the roaches hang themselves.
                                                                                                                           fine wine i like my women like i like my wine, 9 years old and in my basement
                                                                         if you want to hear a very interesting story: send an sms to your wife with the following text in the body: "i know everything"
                                                                                                                     how does yoda spend his time. he mostly just sits on his log, watching the dagobah.
                                                                                                                             what's the hardest part of telling a good gay joke? keeping a straight face
                                                                                                            thought for today: each day is a gift from god ... but not monday, it was regifted by satan.
                                                                       patient: doctor! doctor! my mouth tastes like the bottom of a birdcage! dentist: yes, i can see there's been a cockatoo in there.
                                                                                                                          what do you get when you throw a canadian down a flight of stairs? an apology.
                                                                   i don't like how funerals are usually at 9 or 10 am. i'm not a mourning person. edit: why the hell did this make the jokes front page
                                                                                           i misspelled "marriage" and auto correct changed it to "mirage." what do you know that i don't, auto correct?
                                                                  fred willard got arrested for jerking off in a porn theater. well, at least he can honestly say his newest release is in theaters now!
                                                                                             wrestling is so stupid i can't believe people pay to watch people without pants risk their lives for a belt
                                                                                                                                  instagram now has video! i'm going to film the hell out of this salad!
                                                                                                                                a geeky joke: an sql query walks into a bar... ... and joins two tables.
                                                                                                                            i guess you can say trusting a russian merchant is pretty... roosky business
                                                                                                                              what did the dementia patient say to the other dementia patient? i forgot.
                                                                                                                                 [god creating hairless cats] how about some foreskin with night vision.
                                                                                                                                                         energizer bunny arrested. charged with battery.
                                                                                                           how many alzheimer's patients does it take to screw in a lightbulb? to get to the other side!
                                                                                                                                             if i said i was the king of the jungle, i'd be lion to you.
                                                                                                                                                     coke is like porn you keep coming back for more! :)
                                                                                                                                        why does yasuo never get locked out? because he always "hasaki!"
                                                                                                                                                          alcohol is not the answer but it is a solution
                                                                                                                                              knock knock? who's there? eat map. eat map who? no thanks!
                                                                                                                                   the ultimate masochist the submissive: hit me!!! the masochist: no...
                                                                                                                                                                  my wd-40 can rusted. now that's irony.
                                                                                                               a girl told me she'd only date me if i had a six-pack how can i get beer if i'm under 21?
                                                                                                                             a priest, an alcoholic and a paedophile, walk in to a bar. he buys a drink.
                                                                                                     do you know if pigs have periods?' are you kidding me? what idiot would keep a pig until she's 14?'
                                                                                          women who brag about multi-tasking should chill out. there is nothing cool about doing 3 things wrong at once!
                                                                                                               bernie sanders may be old, but he loves modern technologies such as. . . socialist media.
                                                                                                                               why did the double a battery die after 5 years? it has two lower case a's
                                                                  my brother's so homophobic that if he dropped his keys in san francisco he'd kick them to oakland before bending over to pick them up.
                                                                                                                                                                             how to jews travel? by air.
                                                                                                                                     i really wanted to make a zelda joke but there is no links allowed.
                                                            [neil degrasse tyson voice] the film is called home alone but thats actually a misnomer. in fact, kevin was joined in his home by 2 burglars
                                                                                                                                                 what do you call it when someone steals an idea r/jokes
                                                                                                                                           *in the back of a police car* can ya'll hand me the aux cord?
                                                                                                                                               i love getting halloween candy... it makes me snicker(s).
                                                                                                                                        know how i upset my balcony? i couldn't make it to the bathroom.
                                                                                                                                                i'm single by choice. not my choice, but still a choice.
                                                                                                           why did the crazy mexican conductor get convicted for a crime? ...because he had loco-motive.
                                                                                                  my psychiatrist asked me how i became so patient. i told him i was waiting on half life 3 to come out.
                                                    teacher: johnny, use the words 'defeat", "deduct" and "detail" in a sentence. johnny: yes ma'am. "defeat of deduct went over defense before detail."
                                                                                                                                                                          dyslexic guy walks into a bra.
                                                                                             finally goes to open-mic night. gets on stage. bombs so badly gets arrested for terrorism. #bucketlistfails
                                                                        america is a country which produces citizens who will cross the ocean to fight for democracy but won't cross the street to vote.
                                                                                q. why did mrs. smokey the bear divorce  smokey the bear? a. because every time she got hot he'd beat her with a shovel!
                                                                                                     what did the burglar say to the lady who caught him stealing her silver? i'm at your service ma'am.
                                                                                                                             what does a scientologist and an almond have in common? they are both nuts.
                                                                                                                      what is the difference between donald trump and a bucket of cow manure? the bucket
                                                                                                                              iguanas feel love but don't marry ..know why? cos to mariguana is illegal.
                                                                          did you hear about the boy who was told to do 100 lines? he drew 100 cats on the paper. he thought the teacher had said lions.
                                                                                                                                        i always give away all my dead batteries ... ... free of charge.
                                                                                                                                  two peanuts are hanging out with the wrong crowd... one was assaulted!
                                                      my daughter told me to treat her like a princess... so i made her marry a man she has never met before in order to secure an alliance with france.
                                                                                                         men. can't live with 'em...can't finish this joke unless i wanna be single the rest of my life.
                                                               what do you call a white person wearing glasses while playing yu-gi-oh? four eyes white dragon. ^sorry if repost, thought of this myself.
                                                                                    a woman recently got oak breast implants... ...this joke would probably be better if it had a punchline, wooden tit.
                                                                                                                  i'm going to open a summer camp for kids with add and call it 'the concentration camp'
                                                                                                                                                                    i hate perforations they're tearable
                                                                                                                         reading a chinese newspaper is like looking at 1,000 douchebag tattoos at once.
                                                                                                                                   what does a cannibal do after dumping his girlfriend? wipes his butt.
                                                                                               [my joke] why do galaxies put on boring shows while separated? because their performance is lack-cluster.
                                                                                                                                                       don't trust anyone that orders a medium pizza....
                                                                                                                               i await the announcement that trump's running mate will be charlie sheen.
                                                                                                                       why doesn't donald trump travel in ships anymore..? cause he doesn't like cruz...
                                                                                                        "commissioner, we've found 20 kilograms of cocaine." "10 kilograms you say?" "yeah, 5 kilograms"
                                                                                                                                      america: where stairs are only used for emergency escape purposes.
                               barney stinson ask god "god,why do you make woman so beautiful?" "so you'll love her" god reply. "then why do you make them so dumb?" "so they'll love you", *ba dum tss*
                                                                                                                            i like my women like my coffee... in a burlap sack, on the back of a donkey.
                                                                                                                         damn girl, are you misplaced silverware? because why aren't you in the kitchen?
                                                                                                                                        i silently mocked one of the greek islands today i was discrete.
                                                                                                                   rather? what is the best yes/no question(a.k.a. scrubles)? similar to rater or not...
                                                      you are being approached by a lawyer, a lion and a gang member. you are armed with a gun and two bullets. what do you do? shoot the lawyer. twice.
                                                                                                                                              want to hear a joke about nitric oxide? sodium hypobromite
                                                                                                              i met my girlfriend on 11/1/14... but it's now 12/31/15. she's destroyed my kda this game.
                                                                                                                        i changed my phone ringtone to the doorbell sound bc i don't answer that either.
                                                                                                                    how does every romanian recipe start? 1. steal a chicken. from an old family friend.
                                                                                                                                                         what time does andy murray go to bed? tennish! 
                                                                                              my friend told me to let loose and be reckless today so i walked really fast with a bowl full of hot soup.
                                                                                                                               you know you're single when the only calls you get at night are nature's.
                                                                                                                                                   definition of divorce: the future tense of  marriage.
                                                                                                             sister won't let me eat her out i'm bringing this bullshit up to father tim at sunday mass.
                                                                  this chick at walgreens is totally hitting on me. what's your name? what's your address? do you have any questions for the pharmacist?
                                                                                                                                 (nswf) whats funner than a dead baby a dead baby wearing a clown outfit
                                                                                                                   why don't pirates ever have girlfriends? because all the women they know are hookers.
                                                                                                                                                  what sort of violin does a ghost play? a dreadivarius.
                                                  in order to finish my 2016 resolution, i cut off my left leg... that way, i'll reach my goal of losing 20 pounds and start 2017 off on the right foot!
                               at the gynecologist young woman:doctor,last few days i can not feel the iud string.what i am going to do now? doctor:well, now you can have sex with no strings attached!
                                                                                                                     what's it called when obama and paul ryan meet up for dinner? a government mandate.
                                                                                               who are the fastest readers in the world? 9/11 victims. they go through 50 stories in just a few seconds.
                                                       my wife opened one of her birthday presents early, saying that it was "practically screaming out at her" that's the last time i buy her an orphan
                                                                                                                                    what do we want? apathy! when do we want it? oh, you know, whenever.
                                                                                                                                                  i picked up a hitchhiker. you gotta when you hit them.
                                                                                                                                                  *shots fired in the club over the last slice of pizza*
                                                                                                                     i'm quitting modelling, i need more job security so i'm going to become a princess.
                                                                                                     life is like a box of chocolates... if you end up with brown sticky fingers, you're doing it wrong.
                                                            [internet] if u liked this story on cows dressed as plumbers.. [me] i did [i] here's a story on panda cops [barely containing my glee] go on
                                                                                                                                              what is the only way to stop donald trump? a cruz missile.
                                                                                                                         what is feared by jailbirds and splits light into different colors? prism rape.
                                                                                                                                                          i can only say nine english words. well, shit.
                                                                                                                      why did the squirrel cross the road on the telephone wire? to be on the safe side!
                                                                            kristen stewart is proof that if you're making a face and someone slaps you on the back it will get stuck like that forever.
                                                                                      the most racist joke i know. what do you call 3 puerto ricans, 1 chinese man, and 4 black guys? a water sprinkler.
                                                                                                                          what's someone who hates underwear's favorite song? free ballin - foo fighters
                                                                                                                                          seriously, this is the last time i trust a baby with firearms.
                                                                                                                                      one of my dad's why do serial killers do what they do? for the kix
                                                                                           i have an eating disorder; i'm about to eat dis order of fries, dis order of wings, and dis order of nuggets.
                                                                                                                         what's worse than finding a lobster on your piano? finding crabs on your organ.
                                                                                                               i just saw a midget get pickpocketed... i still can't believe someone could stoop so low.
                                                                                                                       did you hear about the guy who invented knock-knock jokes? he won the nobel prize
                                                                                my personal trainer told me to listen to my body at the gym so i punched him in the face and went to get some ice cream.
                                                                                                              i put more effort into making it look like i'm doing my job than i do doing my actual job.
                                                                                                                         why did the scarecrow receive a prize? because he was outstanding in his field.
                                                                                                                                             why'd the chicken cross the road? to get to the other side.
                                                                                                                                                      why is camping so exciting? because it's in tents.
                                                                   my animal science dissertation "are hippos just girl rhinoceroses?" met with a healthy dose of scientific skepticism which i welcome.
                                                                        if you took every species of rattlesnake in the us and laid them end to end, i would yell at a safe distance, "stop doing that!"
                                                                   an atheist, a crossfitter, and a vegan are all sitting at a bar... and i only know this because they won't shut the fuck up about it.
                                                                                                                                                 what do you call a chinese underage hooker? sum yung ho
                                                                                       trojan should be sponsoring teen mom. that show is the best advertisement for why you should always wear condoms.
                                                                                                                                             my wife asked me to stop singing oasis songs. i said maybe.
                                                                                                                      what do you call a lump of coal and a diamond hanging out together? carbon dating.
                                                                                                                           this guy. this guy with a premature ejaculation problem comes outta no where.
                                                                                                      omg i forgot to read my horoscope and now i have no idea what life has in store for me today!!!!!!
                                                               [trapped on a island] *message in a bottle* "please send help!" *gets message back, months later* "linda invited you to play candy crush"
                                                                                                                               you better lock your doors tonight, person who taught my parents texting.
                                                                        why did the chicken cross the road? because you stole daddys car! why you steal daddys car?! (chappie joke i stole from youtube)
                                                                                                     what's the sound that a french tank does just before the enemy frontline attacks? beep beep beep...
                                                                                                                                                 what do you call a battered irish man? mashed potatoes.
                                                                                  so, i heard a celebrity was stabbed the other day... it was reece something... reece... witherspoon? no, with a knife!
                                                                                                                                                                       a seal walks in to a club... haha
                                                                                                                             what's worse than 5 dead babies in 1 trash can? 1 dead baby in 5 trash cans
                                                              [funeral] he looks so natural. ya, but he looks a little stiff. *raises from the dead* "that's what... *gargle* ...she said." *dies again*
        lost my watch at a party once. saw a guy stepping on it while sexually harassing a girl. i walked up to the dude, punched him straight in the nose. no one does that to a girl, not on my watch.
                                                                                                         what does sex and banks have in common? you put it in, you take it out, then you lose interest!
                                                                                                                                      warning: objects in profile pics are not as pretty as they appear.
                          what do you call a cow... what do you call a cow with two legs? lean beef. what do you call a cow with no legs? ground beef. what do you call a cow with epilepsy? beef jerky.
                                                                judge: i may send u to jail. but if u act less condescending, i'll let u go free me [waving goodbye to my family] u mean condescendingly
                                                                                                                              does hilary's scandal compare to bill's? i'd say it's close, but no cigar.
                                                                                                                                 dad: whadya got there son? son: soy milk. dad: hola milk, soy tu padre.
                                                                     for a tiny person unable to wipe herself after she poops, my toddler has managed to hit me dead in the eyeball with 4 things today.
                                                                                                                what does a polish bride get on her wedding night that's long and hard? a new last name!
                                                                                                             yesterday i went to the doctor with a sinus infection but he told me it was all in my head.
                                                                                                                                                     nobody should regret anything that made them smile.
                                                                                                                    teacher: where is the english channel ? pupil: i don't know my tv doesn't pick it up
                                                                                                                           which american president was least guilty? abraham lincoln. he was in a cent.
                                                                                                                                                                     where do toilets live? porcel lane.
                                                                                                                                         what's the difference between snowmen and snowladies? snowballs
                                                                                                                                              whats the best thing you get out of a penis? the wrinkles.
                                                                                                                         why are there no walmarts in pakistan? because there's a target on every corner
                                                                    you really dropped the ball today ted. you're fired. "please, no. i can try harder." you operate a wrecking crane, man. people died.
                                                                                                hear about the native american who died from drinking too much tea before bed? he drowned in his teepee.
                                                                                                                                        why did the hipster die? he thought breathing was too mainstream
                                                                                                                                                                                    wuts 9+10 twenny wun
                                                                                                            extinction "not a chance." said the last female dodo, as she walked away from the last male.
                                                                                                                                              how do you know if someone is puerto rican? they tell you.
                                                                                                                what do you call a construction company that only employs midgets? clearly short handed.
                                                                                               i got security cameras fitted outside my house. just to convince people that i have stuff worth stealing.
                                                                                                                  the one upside to having twins deciding how to split child custody during the divorce.
                                                                                                                                 what do you call the first sperm that reaches the egg? the ova achiever
                                                                                                                                                            why does windows 9 not exist? because 7 8 9.
                                                                                                                                                           for sale: faulty guitar. no strings attached.
                                                                                                            is this where you put your jokes? according to my ex wife my career and penis should be here
                                   father: what did you learn in school today ? son: that three and three are seven. father: three and three are six ! son: i guess i didn't learn anything today then !
                                                                                                                                                                        why does 8 hate 7? because 7 8 9
                                                                                                                                    why doesn't a chicken wear pants? because its pecker is on its head!
                                                                                            what doesn't kill you makes you stronger is a terrible thing to say to someone with a muscle eating disease.
                                                                                                                                              relationship status: my period comes more often than i do.
                                                                                                                                     what's the best part about going in without a condom? the abortion.
                                                                                                                                         what's the hottest part of a room? the corner, it's 90 degrees.
                                                                                                  god gave me a choice when i was born: a good memory or a big dick. i don't remember which one i chose.
                                                                                                                                            i heard sylvia brown died... bet she didn't see that coming.
                                                                                                                              my friends tell me that i'm a sociopath, but i don't care what they think.
                                                                                                    speech joke. why shouldn't you eye-fuck someone? because there is a chance you will get visual aids.
                                                                                                   what did the dolphin say to the other dolphin after he splashed him? "hey! you did that on porpoise!"
                                                                                                                                dogs are terrible hosts they get angry if you try to use their bathroom.
                                                                     why do good farmers only excel when they are actually farming? (x-post from /r/jokes) because they are out standing in their field.
                                                                                                               cheating is such an ugly way to put it. i like to think of it as outsourcing my sex life.
                                                                                                                                                             wanna hear a joke about the mods? [deleted]
                                                                                                               my friend was being attacked by a duck i tried to warn him but it only made things worse.
                                                                                                                                                                             cells multiply by dividing.
                                                                                                               you matter... until you multiply yourself by the speed of light squared. then you energy.
                                                                     "pistorius" sounds like a spell harry potter would have use to make someone's legs disappear. this is frankie boyles joke, not mine
                                                                                                 why don't women get hit by trains? there is no railroad tracks between the living room and the kitchen.
                                                                                                                                 how did the scarecrow get a promotion? he was outstanding in his field.
                                                                                                                                             jew jokes aren't funny. anne frankly i find them offensive.
                                                   my career as a professional rock climber is going great, but i'm also taking a course in mattress-making. just so i've got something to fall back on.
                                                    how do you know your s&amp;m partner works in it? they insist your safe word has an upper case letter, a lower case letter, and at least one number.
                                                                           wife asked if i was going to take out the trash. told her i didn't know her sister needed a ride home. i'm bleeding. call 911
                                                                                                                                          who went into a witche's den and came out  alive ? the witch !
                                                                                                                            my cat knocked my phone into the toilet so now i have to shop for a new cat.
                                                                                                        did you hear about the gynecologist... ...who wallpapered his front room through the letter box?
                                                                                                                                             what happened to the frog who parked illegally? he got toad
                                                                                                                                   what do you call someone who sells their butthole for sex? prostatute
                                                                 orange: knock knock apple: who's there? o: orange a: orange who? o: orange you glad i didn't say banana? a: yes! that guy is the worst!
                                                            "i tell you, this car runs like a dream!" i change gears and the gearstick turns into a swan. i turn on the wipers & it rains on the inside.
                                                                                                                                           how do muslims do foreplay? they tickle the goat on the chin.
                                                                                                                                                  what do you call a shark with no friends? a lone shark
                                                                   [1st day as judge] murderer: [waves at me] me [waves back]: he seems nice lawyer: he killed six people me: he probably didn't mean it
 two guys are walking when they come across a dog on the sidewalk, licking his balls. one guys says, "i wish i could do that." the other guy says, "you better pet him first to make sure he's friend...
                                                             back in my day, we didn't have apps to tell everyone where we were all the time we had to actually work for it if we wanted to get murdered
                                                                                                                                              yo mama's like a mosquito i gotta slap her to stop sucking
                                                                                    how do you know your girlfriend is too young for you? you have to make airplane noises to put your dick in her mouth
                                                a mushroom walks into a bar... bartender- hey! get out we don't serve your kind here! mushroom- why not? i'm a "fungi"! bam! you have all been "punned"!
                                                                                                   whoa there, pregnancy test. you just tell us yes or no and we'll decide if it's positive or negative.
                                                                       a man had a nose ring fitted into his nose a  friend asked "how much did you pay for that?" "i paid through the nose!" he replied
                                                                                            hey teens ! if you think you're angry now, just wait until you have to spend your own money on toilet paper.
                                                                                                                                what did the cannibal do after dumping his girlfriend? he wiped his ass.
                                                                                     i can't stand lactose intolerant people who work at ice cream parlors. they can dish it out but they can't take it.
                                                                                                    why hang wanted posters in the post office? we're not crime-fighting crusaders. we're buying stamps.
                                                                                                                     what did the creepy scientist say to his new creepy wife? let's grow mold together!
                                                               when a relative asks me what i'm doing with my life, i tell more lies than a guy at a computer whose wife just asked him what he's doing.
                                                                                              a woman walks into a bar. she asks the bartender for a double entendre, and the bartender gives it to her.
                                                                                                           i used to be addicted... to the hokey pokey but i turned myself around (x-post from /r/jokes)
                                                                                                                                                  the avengers walk into a bar except vision. he phased.
                                                                                                what do you get when you mix a rooster with peanut butter? a cock that sticks to the roof of your mouth.
                                                                                 q: what is the difference between a banjo and an  anchor? a: you tie a rope to an anchor before you throw it overboard.
                                                                                                                         what's the difference between a bull and a cow? a bull smiles when you milk it.
                                                              a single strawberry can make a hundred more strawberries, i swear nature is just another word for magic, a way to turn sunlight into sugar
                                                                                                                                if the letters fall off your company's logo... ...maybe it's a bad sign.
                                                                                                                                                                           a baby seal walks into a club
                                                                                                                                                                          you and me = grand unification
                                                                                                                                               why did the chicken kill itself? to get to the other side
                                                                                                                                              i before e except after c and in old mcdonnald had a farm.
                                                                                                                                           what did the gingerbread man say during sex? i'm gonna crumb!
                                                                                                 my boss keeps getting pissed when i call him 'dick' for short... it might be because his name is brian.
                                                                                                                                         why do spanish beaches have a lot of women? cos they're playas.
                                                                                           dogs on a coffee break dog 1: heard a great joke... dog 2: oh yeah? dog 1: knock kn- dog 2 goes fucking crazy
                                                                                                  how many feminists does it take to change a light bulb? just kidding, feminists can't change anything.
         what color is the wind? son: "what color is the wind?" mom: "the wind is the wind, it had no color. it's transparent" dad: "the wind is blue" mom: "blue? how so?" dad: "because the wind blew"
                                                                                                                                            what does an electrician say while meditating? ohm... ohm...
                                                                                   what's the difference between america and yoghurt? if you leave yoghurt alone for 2000 years it'll develop a culture.
                                                                                                                  you know how horny the romans were back then? for fuck's sake, they even nailed jesus!
                                                                                                                       don't break anyone's heart, they have only one. break their bones, they have 206.
                                                                                                                                             coffee so good it helps a little old lady cross the street.
                                                                                       my father always taught me that in adultery there are no winners but participation is more important than winning
                                                                                                                                                  what did you think of our website? a little bit tacky.
                                                                                                          why didn't the two worms go into noah's ark in an apple? because everyone had to go in pairs !
                                                                                                             hillary is like francium... take her *elect*ron away and she won't blow up have of america.
                                                                                                          what happened when a whore house caught on fire? some came out running, others ran out coming.
                                                                                                                                              they serve free coffee at my office it's one of the perks.
                                                                                                                                                  which came first, the chicken or the egg? the rooster.
                                                                                                                                     they say that ignorance is bliss but i'm just as happy not knowing!
                                                             went to buy face moisturizer and the young girl at counter said, "lets find something for mature skin." and then security had to escort me.
                                                             i wish i'd worked to learn another language. only so i'd be more believable when i use language barriers as an excuse to not talk to people
                                                    a priest and a rabbi... see a little boy bent over. the priest says to the rabbi: "should we fuck him?" the rabbi says to the priest: "out of what?"
                                                                                                          think about it from the other side. think about the hangover movies from chow's perspective...
                                                                                                charities - because nothing shows how far your 2/month could go than a 100 million advertising campaign.
                 i once played chess with an egyptian king... ...i was distracted for a moment, and when i turned around he was blatantly attempting to cheat. i told him that that wasn't very pharaoh.
                                learning to ride a bike is like losing your virginity... no matter how many years go by, you never forget the feeling of your dads hands on your shoulders as he pushes.
                                                            a wine tasting? where people spit out precious wine?! sure, maybe we could go to the humane society and watch them put puppies to sleep too.
                                                                 so my foreign professor overheard some attractive girls talking about how they like it long and hard. the exam the next morning sucked.
                                                                                                             q: how is saddam like fred flintstone ?  a: both may look out their windows and see rubble.
                                                                                                 for what a college education costs these days, i think most kids would just prefer to buy a helicopter.
                                                                                    everybody is tweeting "omg i cant believe its march", i'm like tf' you you think came after february ? february jr.?
                                                                                                                            why did the man with no hands go to the doctor? because he didn't feel well.
                                                                                       enjoy dogs while you can. one day they're going to evolve opposable thumbs and open all of our cupboards and shit
                              currently the most offensive joke going through my head. what did the female marine get moments after she was gang raped by her fellow marines? a dishonourable discharge.
                                                                                                                                    dui checkpoint cop: sir, have u been drinking tonight me: define sir
                                                                                         how accurate is the bible? very!! especially when thrown from a short distance...hits the target almost always.
                                                                                                                                      i have an inferiority complex ....but it's not a very good one. :(
                                                                                                                                                why did the interrupting cow cross the road? moooooo!!!!
                                                                                                      this one time i swallowed a piece of string. when it came out it was all tied up. i shit you knot.
                                                                                                                           first witch: my beauty is timeless.  second witch: yes it could stop a clock.
                                                                               a couple drops of super glue on your fingers and you wont pay attention to any other thing on the planet for three hours.
                                                                                                      autocorrect changed "baby rattle" to "baby battle" and now i'm googling where to buy tiny weapons.
                                      a woman has sued a hospital, stating that, after recent treatment, her husband had lost interest in sex. the doctors replied: all we did was correct his eyesight'
                                                                                                                                                      i was sitting in traffic today and i got run over.
                                                                                                          i don't care what anybody says, my six hours of black friday shopping saved me at least $7.50.
                                                             pro tip for the ladies. ask him to show you where the "jack thingy" is at in the trunk and when he shows you.. that's when you push him in.
                                                                                                                i've always wanted a job cleaning mirrors... it's just something i can see myself doing.
                                                                                                                         put the punchline in the title do you know what the best way to ruin a joke is?
                                                                                                                                             what do you call a phillipino contortions? a manilla folder
                                                                                                               knock knock.. who's there? razor. razor who? razor hands it's the police. i need friends.
                                                                                       i got told off for masturbating at the gun range. we had very different interpretations of shooting from the hip.
                                                                      did you know that the illuminati created golf as a way of harnessing the world's most valuable energy source? angry old white men.
                                                                                                         have you ever smelled moth balls? reply: yes how did you manage to get between their tiny legs?
                                                                                                          why do women rub their eyes when they get up in the morning? they don't have balls to scratch!
                                                                                             children in the back seats of cars cause accidents, but accidents in the back seats of cars cause children.
                                                                                                   there are only two types of people in this world... those who can't extrapolate from incomplete data.
                                                                                           dad i'm gay *dad rips newspaper* "what" i like guys dad "oh thank god. i thought you were happy for a second"
                                                                                               me: guess who was just promoted to be the new ceo! coworker: amanda. me: why would you assume it's a man?
                                                              roses are red. violets are blue. faces like yours belong in the zoo. don't be mad, i'll be there too. not in the cage but laughing at you.
                                                                                                                 how many poaz does it take to get to the center of a tootsie pop?. none she is the joke
                                                                                                                                         i like my women how i like my video on vlc player always on top
                                                                                                              there are two types of people in the world, those who can extrapolate from incomplete data
                                                                                      what does a dyslexic, agnostic, insomniac do with most of his time? stay up all night wondering if there is a dog.
                                                                                                  what's the difference between a woman and a fridge? a fridge doesn't fart when you pull your meat out.
                                                                       *slaps the cup out of the barista's hand* "no. i want asriel, the guy with the man-bun, to make my latte. he has a better energy"
                                                                                                                                                            what do you call a pickled deer? dill doe :d
                                                                                                                                                my cow got parkinson's now she only produces milkshakes.
                                                                                                   hear about the first polish athlete to win an olympic gold medal? he was so proud, he had it bronzed.
                                                                                                                                       i hope my car appreciates the wincing when i hit a large pothole.
                                                                    your password must include 5 minutes of interpretive dance, 15 excerpts from contemporary fiction and 1 word made up by shakespeare.
                                                                                                     blind girl if a blind girl tells you your manhood is massive... ...she's probably pulling your leg.
                        why did the nurse always insist on  using the rectal thermometer to obtain temperatures? because nurses are taught in nursing school to always look for her patient's best side.
                                                                                                                                                     how do rednecks celebrate halloween? they pump kin.
                                                                                                                     why are black people unable to get a phd because they can't get past their masters.
                                                                 what do people mean when they say kids are 'experimenting' with sex? getting it on in a lab coat? is that how you get a test tube baby?
                                                                                                 having a sexual fetish for shirts is wrong... the bible says "adam and eve", not "penis in the sleeve"!
                                                                                                     cvs clerk: receipt? me: sure *god uses 2 fingers to gently close the eyes of an entire rain forest*
         apple and fifty shades of gray are popular for the same reason ... ... they both offer the fantasy of being dominated by a rich guy, who pushes the boundarys of what you though you were into.
                                                                                                                      patron 1: i eat at a different restaurant every day. patron 2: i don't tip either.
                                                                                                                                                  q: what did the witch put in her hair? a: scare spray.
                                                                                                                        kid pulls prank on teachers seat with glue. teacher dies due to... asphyxiation.
                                                                                                             i'm trying to tell a pokemon joke to my brother but he just doesn't get it. he's a slowbro.
                                             i went out with a girl the other night who turned out to be really weird i guess the fact that she said she was a communist should have been a big red flag
                                                  a teacher asks her class what noise a pig makes... lil tyrone raises his hand and says "freeze mothafucka!" i guess there aren't any farms in detroit.
                                                                                                                      hey girl, did you fall from heaven? because it looks like you landed on your face.
                                                                                              why isn't the mexican olympic team any good? anyone who can run jump or swim is already across the border.
                                                                [nye] me: *wearing 2017 glasses* optometrist: *rubbing his temples* stephanie your eyesight may be bad but you really only need one pair
                                                                                                                      a dyslexic, agnostic, insomniac... lies awake at night wondering if there's a dog.
                                                                                                                                                            i was engaged to a zombie but it fell apart.
                                                                                                                                                hi, you've reached my voicemail. why are you doing this?
                                                                                                                                                   what did the dog say to the pig? you are just a bore.
                                                                                                                                             chicken stock has gone up today, but only by a poultry sum.
                      i got this really good lifeprotip while in the shower, but i forgot it when i dropped the soap. ah, now i remember what it was. never pick up the soap when showering in a prison.
                                                                                                                  did you hear about the chinese godfather? he made him an offer he couldn't understand.
                                                                                                          pee your name in the snow and you'll quickly understand why they teach cursive in our schools.
                                                                                        what's the difference between a chickpea and a garbanzo bean? i wouldn't pay to have a garbanzo bean on my face.
                                                                                                                  what new feature will the next star wars movie have that the old ones didn't? han-free
                                                                                                            mao zedong, stalin, hitler, and ellen pao walk into a bar... (user was banned for this post)
                                                              barber: and how old are you little man? fred: eight. barber: and do you want a haircut? fred: well i certainly didn't come in for a shave!
                                                                                                       it's not that people use only 10% of their brains, it's that only 10% of people use their brains.
                                                                          phew phew phew phew phew phew phew phew phew phew phew  phew phew phew phew phew phew phew phew phew phew phew the chosen phew
                                                                                                  if you slowly put your fingers in someone's mouth, they will quit telling you about their day at work.
                                                                                                                                               swimming is good for you. especially if you are drowning.
                                                                                     i found a girl by the train tracks and got head. i would've gone to third base but i couldn't find the rest of her.
                                                             me: i have so many questions soothsayer: forsooth me: exactly lol s: sooth me: yeah so- s: sooth? me: you only say sooth eh s: *nods* sooth
                                                                           wwe joke about royal rumble breaking new kofi kingston win the royal rumble and win the new wwe word heavyweight championship
                                                                                                                      what makes a mexican saddest about the rise of ebooks? the closing of the borders.
                                                                                                                       what did one beef patty say to the other beef patty? will you be my grill friend?
                                                                                                                                            why couldn't the bicycle stand on its own? it was two tired.
                                                                                                                                                      [mugshot photographer] me: now lets do a silly one
                                                                                                            i accidently opened the fitness app and my phone immediately called to report itself stolen.
                                                                                                                      knock knock who's there ! clare ! clare who ? clare your throat before you speak !
                                                                                              judge : anything you say in this court will be held against you. man : "titties" lawyer : fuck.. he's good
                                                                                                                                         i need to stop seeing caution tape as some kind of finish line.
                                                                                                                                                  what do the hotdogs taste like at the gay parade? shit
                                                                                                             you know what they say: once you go black... ... you'll always be blacker than wayne brady.
                                                                                                                   two guys walk into a bar... two guys walk into a bar. the third guy ducks. (dad joke)
                                                                                                                                        why did adelle cross the road? to say hello from the other side.
                                                                                                                               did you hear about the blonde who shot an arrow into the air? she missed.
                                                                                                                                                          energizer bunny arrested: charged with battery
                                                                                                                                                kids these days sure do love taking pictures of mirrors.
                                                                                                                                                           what do you call crystal clear urine? 1080pee
                                                                                       a man goes into a library and asks for a book on euthanasia. the librarian says, "i'll do my best to assist you".
                                                                              police just knocked on my door and said my dog is chasing a kid on his bike. what a liar, my dog doesn't even have a bike.
                                                                                                                  life is like a shit sandwich... the more bread you have the less shit you have to eat.
                                                  whats the difference between a performance by a female pornstar and an act by an escape artist? one is a cunning stunt, the other has a stunning cunt.
                                                                some are mad trump won. others are mad that the anti-trumps are mad. i'm mad that you open up a new bag of chips and it's only 1/3 full.
                                                                                                                                                                   an irishman walks out of a bar... ...
                                                                                                                         had a conversation with my ex-wife over a drink this afternoon. it was cordial.
                                                                                                                                       why did mrs. grape leave mr. grape? she was tired of raisin kids.
                                                                                                                                                you know what's odd? numbers that are not divisible by 2
                                                                                     i used to pray for a new bike... then i found out that's not how god works so i stole one and prayed to be forgiven
                                                                 am i annoying yet? how about now? now? now? now? how about now? now? now? now? maybe now? now? now? meow? meow? meow? meow? meow? meow?
                                                                                                                                                     don't drink while driving  you will spill the beer.
                                                                                                                                     why do they call it golf? because fuck and shit were already taken.
                                                                                                                                                                 some people should come with subtitles.
                                                                                                                          constantly saying "i don't care about sports" is a form of caring about sports
                                                                             the doctor told me i couldn't lift large objects for two weeks after surgery. guess i'll be peeing sitting down for awhile.
                                                                                                                                i crashed my family's car i've always wanted to see how a mercedes-benz.
                                                                                                                                 two mexicans fall of a cliff at the exact same time. who wins? society.
     how to keep an idiot in suspense - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - ... i'll tell you later.
                                                            me: 3 big macs please. lol it's my cheat day clerk: you ordered the same thing yesterday me:[leans in] why don't u mind your own gd business
                                                                                                                        what did the dad buffalo say to his son when he dropped him off at school? bison
                                                                                                                       i've slowly replaced sex with food... and now i can't even get into my own pants.
                                                            i can't take the time to exercise but i did some killer cardio pacing indecisively in front of the ben & jerry's section of the supermarket.
                                                                                                                                                        why do blurry people always ask me if i'm drunk?
       "should the cabin lose pressure oxygen masks will drop from the overhead area. please place the bag over your own mouth and nose before assisting children or other adults acting like children."
                                                                                            what's the similarity between light beer and having sex in a canoe? they both increase the risk of drowning.
                                                               12: "why don't girls like playing dodgeball?" because we don't like getting hit by balls. 12: *giggles for 5 minutes* you are so my child
                                                                                                                                           hey guy that puts the stickers on tomatoes, nobody likes you.
                 the french are such nice people. (would have been funnier a few decades ago) do you know why all of the streets in france are lined with trees? the germans like marching in the shade.
                                                                                                                                what kind of money do they use on superman's home planet? kryptocurrency
                                                                                                                                   why did the scarecrow win the award? he was outstanding in his field.
                                                             as a husband and father, it troubles me that prisoners are still being given time in solitary confinement when i would gladly pay for some.
                                                                                                                   i hate when a girl says the wrong name during sex they know my name isnt someone help
                                                                                                                                      the year is 2086 and pizzas are delivering young men to your house
                                                                i have good and bad news wife: bad news first we need a new front door wife: and the good news? [points to monster truck in living room]
                                                                      the only thing i hate more than taxi drivers who talk on their phone the whole time are the ones who say even a single word to me.
                                                                                                         what has 3 balls and flies through space e.t the extra testicle i know this was awful i'm sorry
                  there's a disturbing movie about an evil german lunatic who creates an ass-to-mouth chain of people who digest each other's shit. you know, that documentary about the trump campaign.
                              a grasshopper walks into a bar....... and the bar staff said to the grasshopper " theres a drink named after you " the grasshopper replied " theres a drink called bob?! "
                                                                                 unrestrained children in the back seat can cause accidents. unrestrained accidents in the back seat can cause children.
                                                       whats the difference between a priest and acne? *acne waits until you're a teen to come on your face* ^^^^^^^^^^edit^^^^^^^^^^, ^^^^^^^^^^grammar
                                                                                                                                     what do you call a chicken staring at lettuce? chicken caesar salad
                                                                                               what's the difference between a baby and baby alien? one bursts into tears. the other bursts out of tears
                                                                                                                          bill cosby's business card... sorry i missed you, i was in while you were out.
                                                                                                                                 who is the most fun on a missing persons case? the search party animal!
                                                                                                                    what do you call a psychic midget on the run from the law? a small medium at large!!
                                                                                                  what's the most confusing compliment to give a woman in her 40's? if you had a daughter, i'd fuck her.
                                                                                                                                                    how do u make a pirate angry? take the p out of him.
                                                                                                                               what do you call an asian woman who lives next to a data centre? ping lo.
                                                                                                                         why can't bears get jobs in australia? they don't have the right koalfications!
                                                                                                                                                              what did the ghost say to the bee? boo bee
                                                                                                     what's the difference between a garden hose and a the male prostate? well, there is a vas deferens.
                                                                                                                   my boyfriend said he wanted me to be more affectionate, so now i have two boyfriends.
                                                                                                                              what do dildos and tofu have in common? they're both substitutes for meat.
                                                                                                                                    which emoticon indicates the desire to cover someone with fire ants?
                                                                                                                                                                           what do gay horses eat? dick.
                                                                                            i was listening to music and dropped my computer into the ocean... guess now it's a dell rolling in the deep
                                                                                                                                                      what do corals get stressed about? current events.
                                                                                                          q: how many absurdist/surrealist comedians does it take to screw in a light bulb? a: november.
                                                                                                                   my password is superman hulk thor goku, that's the strongest password i can think of.
                               just watched the amazing spiderman 2, thought of this. i thought spiderman was going to kick the crap out of electro, but it turns out he's black and blue to start with.
                                                               what's the difference between modern pop and christmas music? one is 6 people singing 100 songs, the other is 100 people singing 6 songs.
                                       if you want to understand who loves you more, your wife or your dog, lock them both on the balcony after three hours unlock them and see who's happier to see you
                                                                                                                                          why are blind people bad at math? because they lack da-vision.
                                                                                                                                                                                           my girlfriend
                          it's true my wife says not everybody pees in the shower. i need yall's help proving her wrong. rate: pees in shower and proud of it! comment: uh, no! what is wrong with you?!
                                                                                                                     to be sure of hitting the target, shoot first and call whatever you hit the target.
                                                                                                                   somewhere there's a cat named pablo picatso, and that's what keeps me going you guys.
                                                                                                   my girlfriend told me that i never think for myself. how should i respond? source: http://qr.ae/xuchd
                                                                                                                                 you know you're in a shitty bar when the food is colder than your beer.
                                                                                                    what's common to both adolf hitler and volkswagen? both of them can kill people with poisonous fumes
                                                                                                                      9/10 dentists know where to find cavities the other one knows where to find lions.
                                                                                                                                        chuck norris can start a fire by rubbing two ice cubes together.
                                                                                                                  i'm sorry, but i absolutely detest law firms that do pro bono work. i fucking hate u2.
                                                                                                     fred: you've got a roman nose. harry: like julius caesar? fred: no it's roamin' all over your face.
                                                            british woman suing mcdonalds after finding a cigarette in her one year old's happy meal.as if ciggie wasn't the healthiest thing in the bag
                                                                                                       how is a computer like an air conditioner? they both stop working properly when you open windows.
                                                                                                                                               what do you call a car that eats other cars? a carnivore.
                                                                                                                                                       why did the chicken cross the road? for attention
                                                                                                        girl, did it hurt...when you fell from heaven? *smooshed girl bobs away making accordion sounds*
                                      why the long face? "a horse walks into the bar and the bartender comes over and says, 'why the long face?'" - not my original for sure, but always makes me smirk.
                       i went to a library... and asked the librarian if they had a book on pavlov's dogs and schrodinger's cat. she said, "well it rings a bell but i'm not sure if it's there or not."
                                     i was walking around an art gallery with my wife. "does anything in this room get you excited?" she said, with a cheeky wink. i said, "yes, some of the paintings."
                                                                                                                               just saw a french footballer playing nintendo think it was thierry on wii
                                                                                       the trouble with not having a goal is that you can spend your life running up and down the field and never score.
                                                                                                                                            what's the secret ingredient in bush's baked beams? jetfuel.
                                                                                                                  why are fire trucks red? you would be too if someone was pulling on your hose all day.
                                                                                              people say millennials are entitled... but have you ever tried to tell an old lady her coupon has expired?
                                                                                                                           did you hear about the vampire in camelot?  he was a bite of the round table!
                                                                                  katy perry is such an inspiration to all those young girls out there who want to grow up and ride giant golden tigers.
                                                                                         two hipsters walked into a bar... the first went in before it was popular and the second was only being ironic.
                                                                                    when lionel messi dies.. he should have his argentinian team mates bury him so they can let him down one last time..
                                                                                                          what's the difference between carbon monoxide and spouses? carbon monoxide is a silent killer.
                                                                                 they say 1 out of every 5 humans is chinese. out of me and my 4 siblings, i'm pretty sure it's either carl or liu yang.
                                                                                                                                               what's irish and sits out in the rain? paddy o' furniture
                                                                                          a list of con-man jokes. what? you were expecting your money's worth? now begger off before i set fred on you.
                                                                                                                                           just been offered 8 legs of venison for $40 is that too dear?
                                                                                                                              don't quote me, but i'm pretty sure mint oreos are filled with toothpaste.
                                                               i actually loved the twilight: eclipse movie until i realized i was actually in an alley drunk watching two cats fight over a dead mouse.
                                                                                                                                         what do you call a friendship between punctuation? commaraderie
                                                                                    how many jews can you fit in a car? two in the front, three in the back, and as many as you can fit in the ash tray.
                                                                                                                                              what do you call a piano composer that smokes? tarcoughski
                                                                                                                                     75% of my day consists of looking at the clock and not believing it
                                                                                                                                        help! i accidentally swallowed a mint! never mind, i'm cool now.
                                         tom hiddleston and taylor swift's relationship is over after just three months because he wanted it to be more public... i guess she wanted it to be more loki.
                                                                                                                                                                 i think i made a good joke donald trump
                                                            no one eats chocolate in tiny orgasmic bites like the women in the commercials. you shove it in your face hole as fast as you can, then cry.
                                                                                                               did you hear about the dyslexic science teacher? he was teaching the law of conversation.
                                                                                                                                what did the little acorn say when it got planted and grew up? geometry.
                                                                                                                                          i don't bite the hand that feeds me. i lightly suck the thumb.
                                                                                                                       octopus have 3 hearts, what has 13 hearts and no organs? a deck of playing cards.
                                                                                      underwear isn't protecting you from your pants. it's protecting your pants from you! another conspiracy uncovered.
                                                                                                                                   you don't have to be crazy to be my friend!........but it sure helps!
                                                                                                                                    how many jews can you fit in a car? depends how big the ash tray is.
                                                                                                                                              e=mc2 was just einstein comparing himself to other rappers
                                                                                                                                                        guess what i'm going to do if i get alzheimer's?
                                                                                    my kid's insults to each other: "you have fat lips like momma." "well, you have a big butt like momma. thanks, kids.
                                                                                                                                   hey, are you from ireland? because when i see you, my penis is dublin
                                                                                                   what's the difference between a toilet and a sink? ... aaaand you're not allowed in my house anymore.
                                                                                                                                                      what literary devices do butchers use? meataphors.
                                                                                                                   why don't black people go on cruise ships? they aren't gonna fall for that one again.
                                                                                                                 i didn't fail my calculus test.... i just gave "alternative" answers on a few problems.
                                                              when talking to your kids about the "birds and the bees", don't forget the part about how the bird can't feel shit when he wears a condom.
                                                                                                                                                     what's the hardest part of golf for asians? driving
   a moment of silence let's all spare a few moments of silence for the man who told his wife he was going to china on that malaysian flight no mh. 370 and now can't come out of his girlfriend's flat.
                                                                                                                                                     what do you call a blind german? a not - see (nazi)
                                                                                                                                                            what's thom yorke's reddit? /u/karmapuhlease
                                                                                                                            what's an emo's favorite game? russian roulette, except with a full chamber.
                                                                                                                                                 what do you call a white guy with an air horn? a honkey
                                                                                                                                          turns out chlamydia is much easier to get than it is to spell.
                                                                                                               how do you make soup from a computer? it's easy; just throw in a couple of boolean cubes.
                                                                               they say you're not supposed to go to the grocery store when you're hungry. it's been several days now, what should i do?
                                                                                                                            why did adele cross the road? to say hello from the other sssiiiiiidddddeeee
                                                              last night, my sexy japanese friend asked me out for dinner. "hey, you wanna go for sushi? it's on me." it's funny 'cause i paid the bill.
               having dinner last night, my six-year-old turned to me and said, 'dad, when i grow up, i'm gonna marry you.' we laughed about it. then my wife said, 'don't make the same mistake i did.'
                                                                                                                      asians are such bad drivers.. i'm beginning to think pearl harbor was an accident.
                               have you ever played the game of pocket tennis? ..it's when you like keeping your hands in your pocket, when you have holes in them and you're not wearing any underwear.
                                                                                                                                                                       haha, you're gay. go get married.
                                                                                    after nearly three months of trying... ...my wife just told me that she's pregnant!! she has the worst stutter ever!
                                                                                                                       i'm just going to put an "out of order" sticker on my forehead and call it a day.
                                                                                       i bought a white bathrobe and splattered it with red paint just to freak out my neighbors when i go get the mail.
                                                                                                                                                            people tell me i have adhd wanna ride bikes?
                                                                                 my dream car is just shaq dressed like a fireman carrying me everywhere like he just rescued me from a burning building
                                                                                                                                        how does post-vasectomy sex compare? there's not a vas deferens.
                                                                                                              decided to start a business that serves beer and gives massages gonna call it rub and chug
                                                                                                                       why are there no white chinese people? it's because two wongs don't make a white.
                                                                                                      now with all the kids outside, playing pokemon..... dads and moms can stay inside playing pokemom.
                                                                                      a great tribute from the brazil team to neymar. he couldn't play so the rest of the players decided not to either.
                                                                                             i love how people always leave voicemails when i miss their calls. it's like they want to be ignored twice.
                                                                                                                        what's worse than finding a worm in an apple? finding half of a worm in an apple
                                                                                                                how many feminists does it take to change a lightbulb? none, they can't change anything.
                                                                                                                                                which is the best side of a banana to eat? the inside...
                                                                                                                             my dick is like a polygraph... it's only reliable fifty percent of the time
                                                                                                                                                       what is a mexicans favourite sport? cross-country
                                                                                                            why did the man get dumber after he fixed the potholes in the road? because he re-tarred it.
                                                                                                                  new mexican word for today: brief today, my homie farted so hard, i could barely brief
                                                                         i really didn't want to go the dermatologist... ...but my dad told me to face my fears! *thought of this while washing my face*
                                                                                                                  "so you think you can dance." should be the title of a lifetime movie about strippers.
                                                                                                                                            what sex position makes the ugliest kids ? ask your parents.
                                                                      [my dad and my 3 yr old daughter] him: hey sweetie how've you been? her: i have a boyfriend me: lmao *my daughter and i high five*
                         a mexican magician told the audience he'll disappear on the count of three. he said "uno, dos" *poof* he disappeared without a tres. **edit front page??? thats punbelieveable!
                                                                                                                        posing with your cat to attract men is like posing with your cat to attract men,
                                                                                                                                               what do you call 7 white guys sitting on a bench? the nba
                                             did you hear about a guy who collected memorabilia of rosa parks, florence nightingale, joan of arc, and wonder woman? apparently, he was a heroine addict.
                                                                                                          two snowmen are standing in a field. one leans over to the other and asks "you smell carrots?"
                                                                                                                                                   i don't have a dirty mind. i have a sexy imagination.
                                                                                                                                                        have you heard the story when the idiot said no?
                                                                           a boy walks into a butchers and asks for a pound of kidelies do you mean kidneys? asks the butcher. boy: i said that didelie?
                                            monica lewinsky says she's not voting for hillary if she runs because... ...the last time a clinton was in the white house it left a bad taste in her mouth!
                                                                                                                       [carrying sleeping cat out of burning house] seriously, what purpose do you serve
                                                                                                                                                    i don't think nyquil knows what cherries taste like!
                                                                                                                             i got my girlfriend the perfect valentine's day present today. hand lotion.
                                                                                                                                you ever heard about the transsexual light bulb? it just needed a switch
                                                                                   why do feminists have two more brain cells than a cow? so when you play with their tits they don't shit on the floor.
                                                                                                                                    if we get rid of all the margarine the world will be a butter place.
                                                                                                                                                                     i love people i can get weird with.
                                                                                                                                            how do african mermaids cover their tits? they use sea bras.
                                                                                               me: what's the capital of ohio? son: ... me: it's also a famous explorer. son: dora? me: yep. dora, ohio.
                                                                                                if bernie sanders has more delegates but still gets denied by the dnc... ...that would be unpresidented.
                                                                                                                                cop: you know why i pulled you over? me: seriously? you forgot already??
                                                                                                                                            meth addicts gets all their drug money from the tooth fairy.
                                                                                                                    why do gingers always have such frizzy hair? you would too if you had no reflection.
                                                                       no matter how stupid you feel, remember, little red riding hood couldn't figure out a talking wolf in drag wasn't her grandmother
                                                                                       what did the headless horseman ask his colleague at bad guys inc.? what do i have to do to get ahead around here?
                                             i bet the passengers on the missing malaysian airplane are racking up some serious reward miles, given all of the different directions they've been flying.
                                                    bill clinton is working at a newsstand. a woman asks him "how can i buy the new york times?" he replies "ask my wife. she'll tell you how you do it.
                                                                                                                                                how is a girlfriend like a pronoun? your's is possessive
                                                                                                                                                     how does a whore relieve herself? she prosti-toots!
                                                                                                                         i really want to get on the mars one mission because i'm against premartial sex
                                                                                                                                    a friend told me i look like james taylor just after he went bald ;(
                                                                                                    a bum came up to me once and said "sticking your junk in the snow is what necrophilia feels like" ok
                                                                                                                   pro tip: don't buy cheap duct tape. your basement guests can chew right through that.
                                                                                                                                                           did pinocchio catch fire when he masturbated?
                                                                                                                                                  why do farts smell? so deaf people can enjoy them too.
                                                                                                                                        why are prosthetic limbs so in fashion? anyone can pull them off
                                                                                                                  what's the most popular sexual activity among manitoban horses? (nsfw) whinny-pegging!
                                                                                           what's the difference between oral sex and anal sex? one makes your whole day the other makes your hole weak!
                                                                                                                                          what is a chronic masturbator's favorite dish? meat stroganoff
                                                                                                                   did you hear about the man who got the left side of his body blown up? he's all right
                                                            son: why is my name jesus dad: mom wanted to name u after a rolemodel other son: &me? dad: well charizard the same reason but it was my turn
                                                                                 if you ask someone out and they say no, try it again in a few minutes wearing sunglasses and smoking a cigarette. #cool
                                                                                                                                   what did hitler's personal trainer keep reminding him to do? "exheil"
                                                                                                                                      why doesn't jesus play volleyball? all those spikes hurt his hands
                                                                 i'm very patient in the way that i can last 45 minutes trying to fix something before i have to pound the shit out of it with a hammer.
                                               how many shia labeouf's does it take to change a lightbulb? nononononononononononononononono! nonononononono! nonononononononononononononono! (he can't.)
                                                                                                                                              what do you find in an elephants graveyard ? elephantoms !
                                                                                                                           why should you never laugh at thieves in a car-accident? it could be your car
                                                                                                          today i brought a computer back from the dead. i've decided that this makes me a techromancer.
                                                                                                                               you can eat all the curry you want... freddie is eating more curry! sorry
                                                                                                         to the man in the wheelchair that stole my camouflage jacket... you can hide but you can't run!
                                                            a photon walks into a hotel..... ..... and is asked if he needs help with his luggage. the photon replies, "no thanks, i'm traveling light."
                                                                                                                        what should you do if you're cold? stand in the corner, because it's 90 degrees.
                                                                          kim kardashian will star in new commercials for geico as part of a promotion for new slogan.. so easy, a caveman could do her!
                                                                                                                                                if i had 9 lives i'd stick my butthole in your face too.
                                                                                                                           on thanksgiving, how does miley cyrus stuff her bird? you don't want to know.
                                                                                                            whenever someone tells me "make yourself at home" at their house, i always clog their toilet
                                                                                                                   when there were a lot footprints in the sand, that was a bunch of jesus's chasing you
                                                                                                                                                                                            the colts...
                                                                                    watching my son's soccer game in the cold and rain cuz i'm a good mom. from my heated car cuz i'm not a total idiot.
                                                                i had a bowl of cap'n crunch cereal for the first time in a long time last weekend. the roof of my mouth should be healed in a few days.
                                                                                                                       saw this quote behind a auto rickshaw i couldn't afford a volkswagen. thus, auto.
          a man asks his friend, "what would you do if we only had 24 hours before the end of the world?" "i would fuck everything that moves", his friend says. "what would you do?" "i wouldn't move."
                                                                                                                                                        what do you call an illegally parked frog? toad.
                                                                                                                                              last night, i forgot about the sun then it dawned on me...
                                                                                                                              probably the worst thing you can do to a person is leave them a voicemail.
                                                                                                           somebody should open an arcade called the jungle, and hire axl rose to welcome the customers.
                                                                        c-3po papa, when c-3po is naked, he is see-through po (my 5 1/2 y/o just came up with this. i think it's funny, for a 5 y/o :-))
                                                                                                                              they say in new york somebody gets stabbed every 15 minutes, poor bastard.
                                                                          what's the difference between the friendzone and the endzone? unlike football, you'll never get to spike it in the friendzone.
                                                                                                                       how do you find will smith in a snowy forest? you look for his fresh prints. (  )
                                                                                                                                   i just finished writing a book on dolphins. i should have used paper.
                                                                                                         why does a one story whorehouse make more money than a two story? theres no fucking overhead...
                                                                                                                               how does an arab farmer find his goat in the sand dunes? very satisfying.
                                                          scratching my head trying to recall... what was the name of that hair salon next to the graveyard? i've got it! it's called "curl up and dye."
                                                                                                                               why do women wear makeup and perfume? because they're ugly and smell bad.
                                                                                             how many dead hookers does it take to change a lightbulb ? apparently not four as my basement is still dark
                                           i will never forget what my grandad said just before he kicked the bucket. he looked me dead in the eye and said. "wanna see how far i can kick this bucket?"
                                                                                                    a man walks into an eye doctor and asks to see the doctor... the nurse replies, "not with that eye!"
                      a pirate walks into a bar with a ships wheel down the front of his pants. the bartender says, "hey mate, what's with the wheel?" the pirate responds, "arg, it's driving me nuts!"
                                                            the lady walking ahead of me sped up so i did, she began running so i did, she screamed so i did. i never even saw what we were running from
                                                                                                                                    knock knock who's there ! anthony ! anthony who ! anthony you want !
                                                                                                                                   can somebody please hand me a knife? this fork just isn't cutting it.
                        doctor vs patient doctor: "i'm sorry but you suffer from a terminal illness and have only 10 to live." patient: "what do you mean, 10? 10 what? months? weeks?!" doctor: "nine."
                                                                                                                           children in the dark make accidents, but accidents in the dark make children.
                                                                                                                    it's an age-old question, but which came first, the chicken or the egg? the rooster.
                                                                                                                                         a skeleton walks into a bar and says, "gimme a beer and a mop."
                                                                                                                       a bartender says, "we don't serve time travelers" a time traveler enters the bar.
                                                                            a really twisted joke what do ted bundy and the space shuttle colombia have in common? they both left bodies in four states.
                                                                                                             winnie the pooh: there's a rumbly in my tumbly me: use regular words you half naked glutton
                                                                                                            a guy at work fell into our upholstery machine a week ago don't worry, he's fully re-covered
                                                                                                                                   if the fresh prince owned an airline, what would it be called? belair
                                                                                                                    my persian friend and i were having lunch... but something came up and i had tehran.
                                                                        one zebra says to the other, "i'm going to check out that patch of nice green grass over there . . . . . . i'll be white black."
                                                            brenda: i brought cookies! me: i guess i can have one, i've been good all week *eats cookie* *eats entire tray of cookies* *eats brenda too*
                                                                                                               this guy at my work is giving his wife a gym membership for christmas. his name was john.
                                                                                                                     i'm a social person. i'm friends with 25 letters of the alphabet. i don't know why.
                                                                                                                                                        what's the opposite of kathmandu? dogwomandon't.
                                                                                                                                                   why didn't the bird cross the road? it chickened out.
                                                                                                                                                          i'm so drunk i can speak fluent ozzy osbourne.
                                                                                                it's a good thing this video game is rated mature because it's going to be babysitting the kids tonight.
                                                        when i was young, you could go into a corner shop with 1 and come out with 2 cokes, 3 freddos and a magazine. nowadays, there's cctv everywhere.
                                                                                                                              so a roman walks into a bar lifts two fingers and say "five beers, please"
                                                                                                                                             why didn't they just call the selfie stick a narcissistick?
                                                                                                                     scientists proved that cows don't give us meat and milk. we just take it from them!
                                                                                                        2 goldfish are in a tank. one turns to the other and asks "do you know how to drive this thing?"
                                                                                              sex to a man is like hunger. if he can't get into an expensive french restaurant, he will go to mcdonalds.
                                                                                      my boyfriend is tall, strong, protective and flashes me regularly. oh no wait. i'm thinking of a lighthouse again.
                          a genie asked me if i wanted a good memory or a big penis. guy: a genie asked me if i wanted a good memory or a big penis. friend: what did you choose? guy: i don't remember.
                     why are redneck murders the hardest to solve? all the dna matches and there's no dental records. edit: made it to the hot page, my dad would be so proud, if only he knew who i was
                                                                               woman: please send an ambulance, i'm having contradictions!! operator: ma'am, do you mean 'contractions'? woman: yes! no!
                                                                                                                                     "i'm not drunk, i'm a zombie..." ~me passing out candy on halloween
                           a vaping hipster aetheist vegan crossfitter walks into a bar just kidding people like that dont exist but i imagine they do so i have someone to hate other than myself haha.
                                                                                                                                                                               5q + 5q =? you're welcome
                                                                                                                                   why are you prodding me with that ruler? "im measuring your patience"
                                                                                                           i'm eating for six, according to the serving size on every single package of everything ever.
                                                                                                                           what do you call a mexican midget? a paragraph, because he's not a full essay
                                                                                                                             paying bills is fun and easy when you have a bottle of wine and a shredder.
                                                                                                                                       inception (2010) - five men and one woman plot to nap on a plane.
                                                                                                                                 what's worse than being struck by a lightning? being struck by an imac.
                                                                                                                                          jared fogle's defense in court. he was just trying to get off.
                                                                                                                i have 6 mental illnesses schizophrenia, ocd, adhd, dislexia, anxiety, and hypochondria.
       a wise man once said, a cheating wife is like a deck of playing cards... you need a heart to love her a diamond to marry her a club to smash her fucking head in and a spade to bury the bitch...
                                                                                                                                               earth got put in milky way special ed for being bi-polar.
                                                             everyone's always asking me 'is your son named after the movie?' and i'm like no idiot sharknado's 5 yrs old and the movie came out in 2013
                                                                           so i was catching up with pacquiao and mayweather the other day.. mayweather turns to me and says "boxer? i barely know her!"
                                                                                         what's the difference between a well dressed man and a tired dog? the man wears a full suit, the dog just pants
                                                                                                                      what do you call a reckless thief who only steals cooking utensils? a whisk taker.
                                                                               when i saw stephen fry was getting married to a much younger man i wondered what a gay cougar was called. a pink panther.
                                                            [final debate] trump: i'd like to apologize to hillary moderator: umm ok hillary: umm ok trump: i brought a gift *hands her a galaxy note 7*
                                                                                                                 how did the bad canadian fisherman describe his only catch of the day? "aboot this big"
                                                                   an aborigine walks into a bar wearing one sandal. ' lost a sandal dude??, ' asks the barman. ' nah,found one, ' replies the aborigen.
                 so i saw cuba gooding jr. at my local walmart he was comparing old spice sport to old spice original scent when i slapped those bottles out of his hand and told him, "no soap, radio."
                                                                                                                   i got sacked today from my job as a stage designer. but i left without making a scene
                                                                                       i broke up with my boyfriend. he was such a jerk. what a goat! -don't you mean pig? no. he tried to eat my couch!
                                                                                          someone just used the phrase, 'that's a big load', on this conference call, and suddenly i'm paying attention.
                                                                                                           the longer you sleep  the more sleep you need. the more you eat  the bigger is your appetite.
                                                                                                   if you like to speak in different languages while high off marijuana, you're probably rosetta stoned.
                                                                                                                                                              my sex life is like 9/11 no one wanted it.
                                                                                           how can you spot a vegan in a crowded lunch hall? don't worry, they'll tell you and every other person there!
                                                                                                                                  what's the best way to get a punjab in india? hire a cunning linguist.
                                                                                    a photographer and a mechanic have a child after two long days of searching for the perfect name, they name him cam.
                                                                                                                          how was copper wire invented? two jews picked up the same penny simultaneously
                                                                                                                 i loaned my friend $15k for plastic surgery... and now i don't know what he looks like.
                                                                         if you haven't woken up from a nap covered in stickers, did you even fall asleep while watching cartoons with your preschooler.
                                                                                                                          have you guys seen the movie about flapjacks? don't. it was critically panned.
                                                                                                               if i died and went directly to hell it would take me a month to realize i wasn't at work.
                                                                                                                                                 hey you guys! are you all right? no you're all left! :d
                                                                                                         who'd win if batman fought santa? before u say batman, just remember who's watching you answer.
                                                                                                                                      til that someone in the uk gets stabbed every 52 seconds poor guy.
                                                             my mother went to college. my mother had a strong career. my mother has traveled the world. my mother talks to the tv as if it's listening.
                                                                                         just accidentally flashed my gay neighbor. he's not gay anymore. hahahahaha! just kidding. he totally threw up.
                                                                                                                 how many ears does daniel boone have? he's got a right ear, a left ear, and a frontier.
                                                                          whenever my wife forces me to write my own message on a bday card, i write it on top of her's and copy exactly what she wrote.
                                                                                                     whats the difference between court and supreme court? supreme court comes with sour cream and guac.
                                                                                                                                                                             neo nazi? morpheus unhappy.
                                                                                                                       i don't appreciate my son's teacher circling all the wine stains on his homework.
                                          in order to understand your enemy, you must walk a mile in his shoes. if he's still your enemy after that, at least he's a mile away and hasn't got any shoes.
                                                                                                                         what's the most inconvenient thing about liking big butts? the inability to lie
                                                                                                                           what do you call an arab who flies a plane? a pilot, you racist motherfucker.
                                                                                                                        you have to be careful when telling rape jokes... you never know who got buthurt
                                                                                                               what do you call a rapper who can only jerk off when he has like a ton of lube? wetty fap
                                                                                                                                          why don't robots have any brothers? they all have transisters.
                                                                                                                                                    where did the king keep his armies? in his sleevies!
                                                                                                                                         how do you start a rave in ethiopia? staple food to the ceiling
                                                                                                                          how many babies does it take to paint a fence? depends how hard you throw them
                                                                                                  i just found out that the only thing you need to apply for a marriage license is your id and an idiot.
                                                                                                                                   if you cool your body down to -273,16 degrees celsius.. ..you'd be 0k
                                                                                                                                                 santa clause for halloween. axe murderer for christmas.
                                                                                                                              why can't redditors sew? because the thread has been locked by a moderator
                                                                                                  have you heard the one about the roof? never mind, just forget about it, it's probably over your head.
                                                                                                whats the difference between donald trump and a vacuum? nothing. both are really loud, and full of shit.
                                                                                                                     my friend asked if i would stop singing maroon 5 songs. i said: "i don't think so."
                                                                                                       women only call me ugly until they find out how much money i make then they call me ugly and poor
                                                                                                                                            my psychic is a talented blind woman. she has a fifth sense.
                                                                                                                                          what do you call a chicken coop with 4 doors? a chicken sedan.
                                                                                                                                       how do you know the blind exist... if they've never been sighted?
                                                                                                                          how did the vegetable farmer fix his flat tire on his truck? with asparagus...
                                                                                                      in my free time i help blind children i usually find throwing pencils is the most efficient method
                                                                                                                               why did michael jackson not molest macaulay culkin? he wasn't hot enough.
               oh, jokes from 7 year-olds are cool now? from my son last night: "why do sea gulls fly over the sea?" because if they flew over the bay they'd be bay gulls ("like bagels, get it dad?").
                                                                                         why is it called extra virgin olive oil? because they grow the olives inside, away from the birds and the bees.
                                                                                                         today is national pet day. there is no touching of people in national pet day. i know this now.
                                                                                                                                           what does a seal drink at a bar? anything but canadian club..
                                              he fucked his dad when mom found out she wanted to join. she wanted to do some kinky things with urination "pee on our boy" the son didn't want to oedipus
                                                                                                                              me: i want a pet dragon! life: here's a cat with irritable bowel syndrome.
                                                      im having a problem in call of duty, i go to the menu and... alright by now the girls have stopped reading this, anyone  know any good porn sites?
                                                                                                                                             why can't bike stand on its own? ...because it's two tired.
                                                                                                       eating a meal on an airplane makes me feel like a tyrannosaurus rex who has to operate on a baby.
                                                                                  jesus christ walks into a motel and drops a handful of nails on the counter. he asks can you put me up for the night ?
                                                                                                                                               why do sjws like cancer? because it doesn't discriminate.
                                                                                                                                            what do single people call valentine's day? independence day
                                                             if a cop is at the door when i answer, i yell into the house "anyone order a stripper?" then say "sorry, wrong house" & slam the door shut.
                                                              "the car that was driving slow in front of me turned, i better drive fast now so the cars behind me don't think it was my fault." everyone
                                                                                                                                                  what do fbi agents grill for the 4th of july? hillary.
                                                                       the doctor overseeing caitlyn's transition advised against more plastic surgery. one more facelift and she'll have a beard again.
                                                                                            superheroes come from broken homes & inattentive parents. parents, stop hugging your kids. we need a batman.
                                                                                                                                                             sports fad invented by pigs: mud wrestling.
                                                               i read somewhere that alligators only have to eat once every three weeks... if only that disney alligator could have waited one more day.
                                                                                          the difference between sex and pumpkin carving? in pumpkin carving, one is trying to get all of the seeds out.
                                                                  her: "my baby paints with her food because she's artistic." me: "that or your baby paints with her food because she's a goddamn baby."
                                                                                                                                                 i like my women as i like my sandwiches... ...no crust.
                                             question about the catcher in the rye in chapter 5, i didn't understand why the bus driver made caulfield get rid of his snowball. he was just...holden it.
                                                                                                                                   what's a horse's number one priority when voting? a stable economy...
                                                                                    the one redeeming thing about wearing a women's size 10 shoe is that everyone naturally assumes my dick is enormous.
                                                                                                                     i hate it when i'm digging my own grave at gunpoint and i discover buried treasure.
                                                                                                          have you ever heard of the similarities between a choo choo tran and a brthday? neither have i
                                                                                                                                                   wanna dance? i can really put your inertia in motion.
                                                                      i was sitting in a pub discussing classical music and the bartender said "we've had about just enough of your stupid bartok fella"
                                                                                                                       i am listening carefully, but let's be honest, your menu options haven't changed.
                                                                                                           went to a hot dog convention hoping to meet some women but it turned out to be a sausage fest
                                                                                                               give me your best "your mom..." joke! like this: your mom is so fat she ate the internet!
                                                                                                                                                              how does the moon cut his hair eclipse it!
                                                                                                                                         what do deer and women have in common? the hornier, the better!
                                          grammar nazi if somebody who is really anal about proper grammar is called a grammar nazi, is someone who constantly makes grammatical mistakes a grammar jew?
                                                                unfaithful russian men come home to find all their stuff in a box in a box in a box in a box in a box in a box in a box on the sidewalk.
                                                                  my mate's gambling is getting out of hand. he's just bet his newborn son in our game of poker. i thought, "i might have to raise him."
                                                                                                                                                              very punny! eric is just derek without a d
                                                                     "lol what if our packaging was totally easy to tear open...unless you had a cut finger?" --band-aid makers, seriously, f those guys
                                                                                                                                 if you speak japanese... why would you support trump? he's such a card.
                                                                                                                                                                   i'm so horny i could eat out a horse.
                                                                   forgive me father, for i have sinned. i'm not so sure what i did, but he sent me a text that only said, "k" so it must be pretty bad.
                                                                                                                                                                     hadron collider? i hardly know her!
                   so the uk government can now read my internet history... so i guess the only way i'm ever seeing tentacle porn again is if i take a shitload of lsd and watch spongebob. cruel world.
                                                                                                                                                             free shipping should be basic human rights.
                                                                                 what's the difference between an epileptic corn farmer and a pornstar with a bout of diarrhea? one shucks between fits.
                                                                                                                                                                            wanna know why reddit sucks?
                                                                                        i almost cut my finger off cutting some celery to eat and all i could think is this never happens with cupcakes.
                                                                                                                            when can you count on a hamburger in an  emergency? when the chips are down!
                                                                                                                                                             football is like sex your mom sucks at both
                                                                                                                                          rick and morty season 3 released! just not in this dimension..
                                                                                                                                 when a homosexual man becomes brain dead, is he a fruit or a vegetable?
                                                                                                                                   how do you know if someone is a vegan? don't worry, they'll tell you.
                                                                                                        son: will you please just try to act normal today? me: you're going to have to be more specific.
                                                                                                                                                  my parents say i am a cancer... i was born in march...
                                                                  is amazed how i go to bed with normal hair and wake up looking like a beat up version of medusa. am i fighting crime in my sleep? wtf.
                                                                           civil war reenactments are a lot like meetings. you do the same thing over and over again while waiting for your turn to die.
                                                                                  meant to type fairy godmother but wound up typing fairy gothmother and holy shit what a great band name that would be.
                                                                   jesus walks into a bar with his disciples... "thirteen glasses of water, please!", jesus said to the barman, winking at the others...
                                                                      whats the difference between a bag of cocaine and a 4 year old? eric clapton would never let a bag of cocaine fall out of a window
                                                                                                                if you are single don't worry. someone will come around shortly to totally fcuk that up.
                                                                                                                                                        what do you call a nosy pooper? an eavesdropper!
                                                               love when skinny people complain that they feel fat. i just shrug & tell them to eat less. go fish for compliments somewhere else, bitch.
                                                                                                                    what version of counter-strike do feminists get? counter-feminist: globally offended
                                                                       just saw a large group of 20 yr olds saying a blessing before eating. then i realized they were all just looking at their phones.
                                                                                                                                                                                              chelsea fc
                                                                                i knew a guy who bowled a three hundred and one how do you bowl a 301? do you know anyone who has bowled a 300 and lost?
                                                                                                                     the scientific term for a group of cats gathered together in the wild is "assholes"
                                                                                                                                                                      can you "pray away" asparagus pee?
                                                                                                    i told my wife i wanted to try anal sex she told me she's been having sex with an asshole for years.
                                                                                                            what do brussels sprouts and pubic have in common? you push them to the side and keep eating
                                                                                                                                an old chinese saying: if the dog is barking, you didn't cook it enough.
                                                             if laughing is good for you because you use 15 muscles, think how healthy you'll be if you're breaking a chair on someone's head every day.
                                                                                                           i love dying from sneezing 11 times in a row and being defibrillated back to life with a 12th
                                                                                     saw a bad accident from my hot air balloon so i tried landing to help but just ended up killing everyone even worse
                                          what do jesus and a nerd have in common? both are long-haired, live at their parents' till their 30's, and if they'll do anything, it is considered a miracle.
               the apostles fell asleep in the garden of gethsemane while jesus was praying. noticing that they fell asleep, jesus woke up st. peter. "huh? what? oh, sorry, lord, i forgot the coffee!"
                                                                                                                                                     her cooking is so bad, it would make medicine sick!
                                                                                                                                                             mayweather won. that's it, that's the joke.
                                                                                                           a horse walks into a bar. the bar tender says "hey." the horse says "you read my mind buddy."
                                                            people are rough on gym teachers, but let's not forget all the years they spend in college, learning how to yell a last name in a scary way.
                                                                                                                     i had a cough like that once... i didn't kick the bucket, i was just a little pail!
                                                          police arrested two kids yesterday one was drinking battery acid, the other one eating fireworks. they carged one - and let the other one off.
                                                                                                                                                bad jokes are like farts... ....better to let them pass.
                                                                                                                                    why was william considered a enemy? because, his last name was dafoe
                                                                                                                              i just apologized to my wife for something she did wrong. marriage is fun.
                                                                                       i had a balloon with the reddit logo on it and i put it on the nozzle of a can of helium. it blew up pretty fast.
                                                                                                                  my god there is nothing on earth i want to eat more than this bath & body works candle
                                      paris joke (fair warning) looks like america isn't the only ones who like their french fried. #fuckcommies #fuckterrorism #gofrance #goamerica #laughtoeasethepain
                                                                                                                                     your mom is like a moped she's a little slow but still fun to ride.
                                                                                                                                                                          stop correcting my vodkabulary
      a pedophile was taking a small child into the woods at night.... the kid say, "these woods are really scary". the pedophile replies with, "you're telling me, iv'e got to walk out of here alone".
                                                                                                                                          what do you call it when god masturbates? jesus fucking christ
                                                                                                                                                                  i'm running away to join the internet.
                                                                                                                                            when life gives you melons... ...you probably have dislexia.
                                                                                                                                                   q: what is 61 to a blonde? a: she wants 8 (ate) more.
                                                                                                                          why don't you mess with one-ply toilet paper? it doesn't take shit from anyone
                                                                                                 [at a san francisco dance club] *grinds cute girl in a mini-skirt* hey baby, what's your name? "robert"
                                                                                                                                                       found some chips in the bag of air i just bought.
                                                                     i don't use my hands when i change my tampon. i just sing a jaunty tune and the disney birds come in and begrudgingly do it for me.
                                                                                                                                                         "well that's a load on my back" - relieved slut
                                                                                                                             a man shot a guy in the butt from 1000m away it was one helluva crack-shot.
                                                       hippies say the darndest things... what did the hippy say when he was told to get off the couch and get a job? namaste (pronounced:nah i'ma stay)
                                                                                                                            why did the vengeful fireman lose his job? he tried fighting fire with fire.
                                                                                                    my kid spilled milk in the back of my car last week ... now i tell people it has a stinky dairy-air.
                                                                                                                                           things you can say about your lunch but not your gf or bf go!
                                                                                                                                    i had an amazing racist joke to tell... ...but a black guy stole it.
                                                     i had a racist incident in my kitchen today.... the black bean soup started dissing the white cream sauce, i finally told them both to simmer down.
                                                                                                             a man finds 3 magic lamps in the sahara.... ...he says "damn, i wish there was an outlet.".
                                                                                      the trick to a good avi is finding your best characteristic and flaunting it. i obviously am a fan of my nostrils.
                                                                                                                   my girlfriend called me a pervert... but what does she know, she's only 13 years old.
                                                                                                                                                what's peyton manning's favorite hair style? the blowout
                                                             even if u realy hate sombody, u shoud never insult their physical apearance!!! bc as soon as u dig deeper u will find much stronger insults
                                                                                                             i've created a new type of bubble but i don't know how to describe it. it's indescribubble.
                                                                                   one horribly inappropriate comment and you'll never be shown another baby photo at work ever again. totally worth it.
                                                                                       [punches shark on the nose[ shark: that wont stop me me: are u crying shark: no its always wet & salty on my face
                                                                                                              what does an asian with the biggest erection get when he walks into a wall? a broken nose.
                                                                                     game of thrones bt it's my family fighting over who will sit in grandma's chair while watching t.v. after she dies.
                                                                                                                           what do you say when you're comforting a grammar nazi? there, their, they're.
                                                                                                                                          how did tom brady's feel after losing to the broncos? deflated
                                                                      ominous chanting *pentagram starts to glow* yes! rise dark lord! rise! *satan tosses pillow through portal* ungh 5 more minutes!!!
                                                                                                                                        a mexican and black person are in a car, who is driving? the cop
                                                                                                                                                   how do you milk a sheep? with iphone periph**e**rals.
                                                                                                                                                         q: what did the nurse say to john cena? a: icu.
                                                                                                                             i told a little white lie... or a little black lie, because all lies matter
                                                                                                                                                 what do you call a painter with a brown finger? picasso
                                                                                                                                well that's a wrap on another day where i act like i know what i'm doing
                                                                                                                                                         how did timmy dodge the oncoming car? he didn't
                                                                                                                        why are pirates always angry when they go to the restroom? because they p-irate.
                                                                      wtf this movie was not at all like the book! friend: it was, are you sure you read the book? sure i did. i read between the lines.
                                                                                                                              question: what do you say if you want someone to hold the lift? ans: hodor
                                                                                                                              ''i want to ruin some songs today.'' -the producers of glee every morning.
                                                                                                                            welcome to r/jokes where the jokes aren't funny and the points don't matter!
                                                              for most people, when you lose your "khakis" you lost your pants. when you're from boston and lose your "khakis" you can't start your car.
                                                                                                                     my gran died of asbestosis. it was terrible, it took us four months to cremate her.
                                                                                                                                               what do you call the japanese police force? kawaii five-0
                                                             - how much for the mobile tampon? - ma'am? - it's a bit big. - ma'am, it's a lamb. - does it make that sound because it has detected blood?
                                                                                                live this day as if it is your last. and if it turns out it isn't, make a great many apologies tomorrow.
                                                                                                        why do computer programmers always confuse halloween and christmas? because oct 31 equals dec 25
                                                                                                                                                          what's a sailor's least favorite color? maroon
                                                                                                                           why is my chinese girlfriend so bitchy? well it's true, you are what you eat.
                                                                                                                                       linguistics student: "what's a glottal fricative?" "*heavy sigh*"
                                                                                                                    i only have sex with the lights off to prevent having to explain some of my tattoos.
                                                                                                                                                    q: what did the blind german say? a: i can nazi you!
                                                                 it really annoys me when people who barely know you want to become facebook friends, like an old classmate or someone you've slept with
                                                                                                                                                        i bet stephen king's kids aren't afraid of shit.
                                                                                                                                      some say i'm an apathetic person... but really, i just don't care.
                                                                                                      what's the definition of awful? putting a bomb on a disabled person's back and telling him to run.
                                                                                                                                           what's beethoven's favourite fruit? ba na na na. ba na na na.
                                                                            an atheist, a crossfitter, and a vegan are sitting at a bar... i know because reddit reposted it and it made the front page.
                                                       what's the difference between a blond and a washing machine? when you drop a load into a washing machine it doesn't follow you around for a week.
                                                                                   my annual performance review says i lack "passion & intensity", guess management hasn't seen me alone with a big mac.
                                                                                                hello 911, i need to report a halo score that's "criminally" high lol!!!! ... yes you can talk to my mom
                                                                                          new healthcare plan in case obamacare is defunded: the entire country pays for hospital bills by cooking meth.
                                                                                                                                                           are your parents bakers? cause youre inbread.
                                                                                                                                                                  what does a perverted frog say? rubbit
                                                            sup, ducks? lookin' straight nuclear with your orange ass bills & your furry yellow torsos. all aquatic & shit. lazy as hell, too. one love.
                                                                                                                                                              nobody's phone is ever off. they're lying.
                                             how many trump supporters does it take to change a lightbulb? this change'll be fantastic. it'll be great. you won't believe how great this change will be.
                                                                                                                              the first rule of fight club is to ask her, "is that what you're wearing?"
                                                                                                  this lady at the edible arrangement store acts like no one's ever asked for a corn dog bouquet before.
                                                                                                               astronauts are cowards, why don't you stay down here and face earth's problems like a man
                                                                                                                                                   hey morons, when in doubt, just spell it "theiyr're."
                                                                         when i was little, i drugged the milk to catch santa. next morning i found my dad passed out on the stairs. well played santa..
                                                                                                                                                      if god were a guitar chord, what would he be? gsus
                                                                                                                                              my best friend won't talk to me. it's because he is a dog.
                                                                                             what's the difference between a guy with a vasectomy and a guy without a vasectomy? there's a vas deferens.
                                                                                           transitioning to a smurf today i'm excited to announce i'm transitioning to a smurf...starting with my balls.
                                                                                                              what do we want? rock hard abs! when do we want them? the day after the holidays are over!
                                                                                                                          why are the irish considered lucky? it's because they're always drunk as hell.
                                                                     this motel room smells like despair. or is that my deodorant? the tuna sandwich, maybe. this hooker? my jeans? i bet it's my jeans.
                                                                     what's the difference between an illegal mexican and an autonomous robot...? nothing... they were both made to steal american jobs.
                                                       kleptomaniac, frustrated why was the kleptomaniac frustrated by that joke "why can't you explain puns to kleptomaniacs?" he couldn't take a joke.
                                                            things ted cruz and i have in common: 1. love butter 2. shy eyes 3. resurrected from the grave during satanic bloodmoon ritual 4. brown hair
                                                                                                                           why do men become smarter during sex? because they are plugged into a genius.
                                                                                                                                     want to hear a nba joke? kyrie irving starting in the all star game
                                                                                                       i started a petition to ban people from collecting autographs. so far i've got 50,000 signatures.
                                                                   eating some turkey? put gravy on it. mashed potatoes dry? try gravy. headache? shot of gravy. depressed? more gravy. lost a limb? gra
                                                                                                                                                                      tifu by trying to catch fog i mist
                                                                a great sun/boob analogy boobs are like the sun. they keep you warm and make you happy, but stare directly at it and you are in trouble.
                                                                                                                                                                      what kind of riddle has no answer?
                                                                                                                                "dammit, i'm more than 15 minutes late for my three o'clock." john 3:16.
                                                                                                 parents, talk to your kids about grammar. forget drugs and sex, they'll learn that shit on the streets.
                                                                                                                                     baby, let's configure our hard drives in master and slave position.
                                                                                                                             why did the rabbit cross the road? because the chicken had his easter eggs!
                                                                                                   therapist: well, if you know what's good for you... me: [holds up hand] "let me stop you right there"
                                                                                                                                                         what is the official bird of love? the swallow.
                                                                                                                                        i read the instruction manual for my new watch it was about time
                                                                                                              my buddy just lost his job at a cinema that only shows pixar films... he forgot to show up
                                                                                                what do you call a penis with stamps on it? male. of course, if you have to sign for it, it's a package.
                        on the topic of transformers "have you guys seen the new toys? they've changed too much! they were so much better when we were little!" "...transformers are supposed to change"
                                                                                                                     the hardest part of hypochondriacs anonymous is admitting you don't have a problem.
                                                                                                                             what's the hardest part about rollerblading? ...telling your dad you're gay
                                              why are your eyes covered in ketchup? i'm often asked by people: "why are your eyes covered in ketchup?" so i tell them it's because heinz sight is 20/20.
                                                                        [hospital] son: i came as soon as i heard. what happened? dad: the oying hit me son: what's an oying? dad: you are, kiddo *dies*
                                                                                              why does santa give better presents to rich kids? because poor kids have behavioural problems! \*rimshot\*
                                                                                                                                         i hate people who make generalisations. they're all hypocrites.
                                                                                     what are the three most important things to an orthopedic surgeon's business? dislocation, dislocation, dislocation
                                                                            how do you tell the difference between an alligator and a crocodile? one will see you later and one will see you in a while.
                                                                        yesterday my doctor told me i needed to stop masturbating. i asked, "why is that, doc?" he replied, "i'm trying to examine you."
                                                                                                                        what's truly horrifying is when my generation starts having children on purpose.
                                                                                                                                                     how do you get a one armed man out of a tree? wave!
                                                                                                                                                             is this math joke going to be bad? paraboly
                                                                                                                                                  what's invisible and smells like carrots? rabbit farts
                                                                          how many "friendzoned" guys does it take to change a lightbulb? none. they just compliment it and get mad when it won't screw.
                                                                                                                                                      what does a 90 year old woman taste like? depends.
                                                                        for a period, houdini used a trap door in every single show he did... i guess you could say it was a stage he was going through.
                                                                                                        i think i am allergic to leather. every time i wake up with my shoes on, i have a huge headache.
                                                                         why are manhole covers circular? because rouleaux triangles are too hard to manufacture. what do you call 8 hobbits? a hobbyte.
                                                              *aquarium guide: octopuses are sensitive to camera flash so please turn off...ma'am don't flash the octopus me: [pulls shirt back down] ok
                                                                        oprah says we all have a small child inside of us longing to get out & omg why isn't anyone talking about oprah eating children?
                                                                                                             it's only been a few days, but i'm starting to forget everything i knew about mitch romley.
                                                                                         egyptian 1: hey did you just fart? egyptian 2: yes egyptian 1: please don't do that again it absolutely sphinx.
                                                                                                                        there's a new 12 step program for people who can't stop talking. on-and-on-anon.
                                                                                                                                                  what do you call a bunny with a bent dick? fucks funny
                                                                                     facebook should make an option, to block people from tagging me in videos/pictures that have nothing to do with me.
                                                                                                             passport pictures make you look exactly how you feel just before that much needed vacation.
                                                 q: how many bass players does it take to change a light bulb? a: six. one to change it five to fight off the lead guitarists who are hogging the light.
                                                                       toddlers are the only life form that can exist entirely on their own snot, one goldfish cracker, and half a chicken nugget a day.
           a wig walks into a bar. a wig walks into a bar and asks the bartender for a pint. bartender replies "no way man!" wig "why not?" bartender "have you seen yourself? you're off your head!" ;d
                                                                                                                                        april showers bring may flowers.. and mayflowers bring smallpox.
                                                                                 people who talk to themselves are more intelligent then those who don't. well that's what i like to tell myself anyway.
                                                      so a police officer is called out to the scene where a mercedes is wrapped around a tree, he said "well, i guess that's the way the mercedes benz"
                                                                                                                                          did you hear about the fire at the campground? it was in tents
                                                                                       how much wood does a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck chuck could chuck wood? none because only beavers give a dam.
                                                                                                   the mantra to a successful relationship find someone who likes the same thermostat setting as you do.
                                                                                                                                           one-legged people q: where do one-legged people eat? a: ihop.
                                                                                                                       what does the atheist say when he arrives at the pearly gates? i'll be goddamned.
                                                                    everyday life can be hectic and stressful, but never forget what it's all about: doing the hokey pokey and turning  yourself around.
                                                                *hands stranger a condom s: i don't need this me: yes, you do. i saw the way you pulled out of your driveway. your pull out game is weak
                                                                                                                                                               hi i am an nsa employee tell me anything.
                                                                                                                              whenever i have sex, it's a race to see who comes first. me or the police.
                            as i sat on the toilet this morning i was reminded of my first divorce. at first i thought it had been a clean break, but then it got messy and there was lots of paperwork.
                                                                                             can a kangaroo jump higher than the empire state building? of course. the empire state building can't jump.
                                                                                                                                           what are my views on lesbian relationships ? i view it in hd.
                                                                                                                    pick-up line guaranteed to work every time! does this smell like chloroform to you??
                                                                                                                                               what's black on the bottom and white on the top? society.
                                                                                                                           just bought a guitar. the sale felt a little dodgy, lots of strings attached.
                                                                                                                                            i almost got a job with sony but the interview was cancelled
                                                                                                                        why did the footballer hold his boot to his ear  ? because he liked sole music !
                                                                                                                              "alexa, yell at my kids to behave every 7 minutes. i'm headed to the bar."
                                                               i hate when people look at me and proclaim "well look what the cat dragged in". do i look like a dead bird, small rodent, or used tampon?
                                                                                                                                                    a midget walks into a bar i guess it was set too low
                                                               to do list : 1: buy 4 pigs 2: paint numbers 1,2,3 & 5 on their backs 3: release them in wal-mart 4: sit back watch security search for #4
                                                                                                                who is jay gatsby's favorite superhero? green lantern. and his least favorite? deadpool.
                                                                                                                                        i don't have the faintest idea why i passed out just a short pun
                                                                                                               what's the difference between the earth and my sock? the earth's crust is on the outside.
                                                                                                                                                                     prostitutes hate trick-or-treaters.
                                                                           i'd love the chance to relive my life, then i'd know exactly what people to kick in the crotch immediately upon meeting them.
                                                                                                           a very pixelated loch ness monster showed up at my door... he said "imma need about 8-bitty."
                                                                                                                                                *pours a bucket of water into the ocean* you're free now
                                                                                           this one needs your full participation! say it out loud. say the word "silk" 3 times now, what do cows drink?
       how many "friend zoned" guys does it take to change a lightbulb? how many "friend zoned" guys does it take to change a light bulb? none. they just compliment it and get mad when it won't screw.
                                                                                                                          why did the polak cross the road? he couldn't get his dick out of the chicken.
                                                                                                                              what do vegans, isis and feminists have in common? none of them like pork.
                                                                                                      his palms are sweaty, knees weak, palms are sweaty. he forgot his lyrics already, palms are sweaty
                                                                                          still haven't cashed in my winning megamillions ticket...scared the $6 will make my friends treat me different
                                                                                                                                          /u/username goes to the grocery store.... username checks out.
                                                                                                                                                     god making man in his image was the original selfie
                                                                                                                                   it's okay if "buoyancy" makes you happy -- whatever floats your boat.
                                                                                                                                               no wonder jared lost weight... he doesn't like footlongs.
                                                                                                                              what's a schizophrenic's favorite christmas song? do you hear what i hear?
                                                                                                                                             how does bob ross masturbate? he beats the devil out of it.
                                                                                                                    the new doctor strange trailer just dropped... it's mind bendingdict ^^^cumberbatch.
                                                                                                            accidentally swallowed some scrabble tiles last night. going for a crap could spell trouble.
                                                                                                                                               what kind of music do they play at stonehenge? hard rock.
                                                                       how many nurses does it take to change a light bulb? none they just have a nursing assistant do it. as much as the doctor orders.
                                                                                                                                what does /r/jokes and the iphone vs fbi case have? both just got hacked
                                                                                                                                             if you're cold, stand in the corner it's usually 90 degrees
                                                                                            what did the physics professor say when he forgot his lines of a speech? give me a moment...ummmm.(momentum)
                                                                                                                                          your momma is so fat she uses "panorama" mode for her selfies.
                                                                                                                                       what do you call a mammoth who conducts an  orchestra? tuskanini.
                                                                                                                                   your mums so fat...... your mums so fat she makes the moon look small
                                                                                                                                          what's the difference between reddit and facebook about a week
                                   what did the husband say to his wife when he tried pushing it in as much as he could, but it still wouldn't fit? he said "i'm going to try on a different shoe size."
                                   i went to see a palm reader. "judging by your palms," he said, "i can tell that you masturbate frequently." "sorry," i apologised, "i should probably wipe that off."
                                                                                                                            why can't two asians make a caucasian? because two wongs don't make a white.
                                                                                         my cat freaked out when i told him he was adopted. granted, i spelled it out on the floor with a laser pointer.
                                                                                                                            i told the wife she was drawing her eyebrows too high. she looked surprised.
                                                                                         what did the egg say to the pot of boiling water? it may take me a while to get hardi just got laid last night.
                                                                                                  i'm neither going to heaven or hell. i'm coming straight back because hindus believe in reincarnation.
                                                               so women draw their eyebrows on daily, and nothing is said. i sharpie on a beard for movember and suddenly everyone has something to say.
                                                                                                                                 my thoughts on the french revolution great concept, terrible execution.
                                                                                                                                                    santa claus came early! mrs. claus wasn't too happy.
                                                                                                                                two fish are in a tank one says to the other i'll man the guns you drive
                                                                                                                    is milk the best workout supplement? no, whey man! (my first dad joke, im so proud!)
                                                                                                                                            welcome to alzheimer's club. i see a lot of new faces today.
                                                                          [talking to my guide dog] this better be the hospital this time and not wimbledon again [from a nearby speaker] "fifteen-love"
                                                                                                                                                i mustache you a question... but i'll shave it for later
                                                                                  im an exhausting person to be around but once you get to knnow me im actually a giant shithead with irredeemable mouth
                                                                                                                                                                           a drum solo but on your face.
                                                                                                                            what's long green and smells like pork scratchings? kermit the frogs finger.
                                                                                          "what's the difference between a pickpocket and peeping tom? a pickpocket snatches watches." - redd foxx, 1956
                                                                                                                                                        what is the most noble office supply? the ruler!
                                                                                                     rules for being a good neighbor: 1. mind your own goddamn business 2. don't forget rule number one.
                                                                                             how do you figure out that your girlfriend is getting too fat? she starts fitting into your wife's clothes.
                                                                                                                                what's the difference in roast beef and pea soup? anyone can roast beef.
                                                                                                                                             what's the difference between pink and purple ...your grip.
                                                                              i just hope people who say "jesus is my co-pilot" realize he's a 1st century carpenter with no time in a flight simulator.
                                                                                        i'm going to subtly spread my brownie crums across your car because i silently resent you for changing the song.
                                                            facebook needs a "settle down" button you tap on a friend's profile, that locks them out for a day so they can work through stuff privately.
                                                                                                                    roses are red violets are blue i've got multiple personalities disorder and so do i.
                                                                                                           what does a black man and a tornado have in common? it only takes one to ruin a neighborhood.
                                                                                        a condom and a coffin. both are designed for stiffs. the difference is one is for coming and the other for going
                                                                                                             i was going to make a joke about blind people but i do not want to offend anyone on reddit.
                                                                                                                  why couldn't the lifeguard save the hippie from drowning? he was *too far out, maaan*.
                                                                    cinderella (2014) - a despotic prince with a foot fetish forces all female citizens of his kingdom to undergo mandatory dna testing.
                                                                     every morning you have two choices: be productive and really shine, or pour some coffee, log in and start posting. hello, darlings.
                                                                                                                      i'm like superman. when people see me out in public i'm always in the same outfit.
                                                                                                                        you know what they should call "tinder" in manhattan? the new york cock exchange
                                                            "i want the box where i poop to smell like my poop or else i won't want to poop there. whoa whoa, not that much like my poop! jesus!" - cats
                                                                                                                                     alzheimer's joke knock knock who's there? to get to the other side!
                                                                                                                                                                                          the first time
                                                                                                                                    my password is my pussy because apparently my dick isn't long enough
                                                                                                                               why is a bulimic's favorite restaurant kfc? cause it comes with a bucket.
                                                                                                                        what doesn't kill you makes you stronger, except for bears, bears will kill you.
                                                                    what would you do if a kid in your class jumped out of set and took of his shirt, then ran out of the class and hoped onto a segway.
                                                                                                                                                  what do you call a pig that knows karate? a pork chop.
                                                                                                                          i went to the zoo the other day. there was only one dog in it. it was a shitzu
                                                                                                               i'll apologize for burning your house down if you apologize for telling me i "overreact."
                                                                                      i told this cute girl some cheesy puns yesterday... she said they were hit or swiss. i guess i gouda done cheddar.
                                                                                                                            a cleaning service of men who think a hot girl is coming over in 20 minutes.
                                                                                                                                              what does a gay horse eat? hhhhaaaaaaaaaaaayyyyyyyyyyyyyy.
                                                                                                                             why did the black man wipe his ass? niggers and poo are the same thing!!!!!
                                                                                                                                                                  the truth about cardiovascular health!
                                                                                                                                             why can't jesus eat m&amp;m's? they fall through his hands.
                                                                                                        guys, i really think 50 shades missed out on a really a big marketing slogan... "climax in imax"
                                                                                                                well if you didn't want me to fall in love with you, why did you tell me you had nachos?
                                                                                                                                                  i'd be scared to buy an lg tv liam neeson may find me!
                                                                                                                     i cant believe i forgot to go to the gym this morning. that's 7 years in a row now.
                                                                                                                                           what do you call it when batman skips church? christian bail.
                                                          newsflash - greece/euro announcement the eu has just announced that with immediate effect all euro notes will be printed on greece-proof paper
                                           a beggar walks up to a wealthy, upper-class lady and says, "i haven't eaten in three days." she responds, "you must force yourself! you must force yourself!"
                                                                                                         i'm the only stalker i know with ocd. after i break in to watch you sleep, i fold your laundry.
                                                                                                                                                            why are pirates pirates? because they arrrre
                                                                                                  nobody gives a fcuk about how amazing your relationship is. you're on facebook. it can't be that good.
                                                                    i used to think "i hope i don't do anything stupid." now it's more like "i hope whatever stupid shit i do at least fits in a tweet."
                                                                                                                                             q: who is always your friend at school? a: your princi-pal.
                                                                                                                         i too lost 120 pounds... and the judge says the bitch gets to keep the house...
                                                                                     why does america use mexicans to pick our oranges? as we saw on tuesday, it takes 1/2 of america to pick an orange.
                                                                                                    what is the car that everyone sleeps in? the ford siesta many thanks to /u/ekhappychap for that one.
                                                                                 i'm sure it's just a coincidence that pop music has gotten shittier since we started picking our artists on game shows.
                                                                                                                  your mummy joke your mummers so fat when she put on a beqeny everyone screams godzilla
                                                                failed long-term relationships are never a total waste. they teach you valuable life skills, like how to carve profanity into car paint.
                                                                                                                                                         whats red and smells like blue paint? red paint
                                                                                                                        trainer: "ok, lets warm up 1st....wait, where are you going!?" me: "tanning bed"
                                                                                                                                              typed in "my penis" for a password said it was "too long."
                                                             [ear is bleeding for 3 days straight] hmm better keep an eye on that. [laptop slow for one second] i gotta run adware & antivirus right now
                                                                                                                                                            why are girls bad at maths? they can't even.
                                                          a mexican magician says he will disappear on the count of three... he starts counting "uno... dos.." and *poof* he disappeared without a tres.
                                                                                                 what did one tile say when the other tile offered it a glass of port? no thanks, it's bad for my grout.
                                                             me: i need a raise secretly-an-alien manager: yes, it is good to, want to exchange labor for the right amount of delicious green rectangles
                                                                                                                 what mysterious hair product does lucifer use to keep himself looking good? arcane-gel!
                                                                                                                                                what do you call a donkey in space? a wild asstronaught.
                                                                                                                                              why didn't the guy with adhd take his medicine? he forgot.
                                                                                                              have you seen www.pitchdark.com? yes but i really couldn't see what all the fuss is about.
                                                                                                                      what is the worst part about being black? you never know if your gums are bruised.
                                        [politics] i think trump settled the whole "tiny hands equals small penis" argument today... it must take a pretty massive dick to fuck the entire world at once
                                                                     what is the difference between beer nuts and deer nuts? beer nuts are at least a dollar fifty, and deer nuts are just under a buck.
                                                                                                                                  there's been a lot of lightbulb jokes lately i'd say it's a hot topic.
                                                                                                 what is your best weed/stoner related joke? i've never heard any good ones so please give me your best!
                                                                                                               why hadn't the law graduate and the bartender ever met? the graduate never passed the bar
                                                                                                                                                                 a pig with a cold is called... pigachu!
                                                                                       eagles qb michael vick is engaged to be married. but both rappers pitbull and snoop dogg declined the invitation.
                                                                                                            what is the difference between a chickpea and a lentil? i've never had a lentil on my chest.
                                                                                                                                  what do you call a cross between communism and theocracy? communionism
                                                                                                              it's amazing how little information i need on someone before i decide i don't like them!!!
                                                                                                                               i wonder what chairs think about all day "oh, here comes another asshole"
                                                                                                          in 1000 years, archaeologists will find tanning beds and think we fried people as punishments.
                                                                                                                                          i liked nicki minaj a lot better when she was michael jackson.
                                                                                                                                         how was copper wire invented.... two jews fighting over a penny
                                                                                           i heard steven spielberg is directing a film about a fat alien... it's called "eat-t, the extra cholesterol".
                                                                                                                         i got caled into jury duty today... that's going to result in a well hung jury.
                                                                                                                                                   what do you call fake german currency? question marks
                                                                 [self-checkout] me: also i ate a donut in the store machine: place the item on the belt me: i can't because i ate it machine: place the
                                                                                                                                            a tweet about the titanic & speech impediments? unthinkable.
                                                                                                                                                      one isn't a real number, real numbers have curves.
                                                                                               the people on the internet are so friendly.... one guy called me bro, and he even said my story was cool.
                                                                                                                              i once watched a documentary on ferns because the remote was out of reach.
                                                                                       so two mushrooms walk into an elevator. one turns to the other and says, "there's not mushroom in here is there?"
                                                                                                                                                                  here's a pie chart on procrastination.
                                                                                                                      everybody thinks they are cool... until they fuck up a handshake with a black guy.
                                                                i'm not saying i spend a lot of time in the restroom, i'm just saying if you walk into my stall you can be charged with home invasion...
                                                                                                                               what do you call two hobos hitting each other with cardboard pillow fight
                                                                                                                                      what do you call an argentinian victim of grand theft auto? carlos
                                                                                                               just invented a landmine that looks like a prayer mat... prophets are through the roof!!!
                                                                                          for every chick that's crying about no good guys out there...there's a dude she's ignoring that's good to her.
                                                                                                                                 how long is a battleship. true or false? wong! how long is a china man.
                                                                   (works better spoken) the seaman was asked what he was doing when he got out. he said when he got discharged he'd be buried in pussy.
                                                                                                one of the fake rooms at ikea should just be a couple fighting as they try to put the furniture together
                                                                                                                                                  what is a polish person's favorite weapon? a warsaw...
                                                                                                                                                               tangled earbuds are the new rubik's cube.
                                                                                                                did you hear about the girl who went on a date with a cannibal? i hear he ate her pussy.
                                                                                                        i chose not to act when a bunch of pinnipeds gatecrashed my outdoor party. i sealed my own fete.
                                                                                                                                                       what do you call it when plants bang? floral sex.
                                                                                                                                            "stuff that alligator in that dolphin" - god creating sharks
                                                                                                                       prisoner: you inked me: *thinking about my "i hate prisoners" back tattoo* no why
            a kid asks his dad, "what's the difference between 'realistically' and 'potentially'"? his dad responds, "realistically you've heard this joke before, potentially, you will hear it again".
                                                                        my boss threw a snickers at me and i caught it one handed so i think i'd be a good athlete if sports were played with candy bars
                                                                                                       why did the chicken cross the road? well, he didn't get across, but he made it to the other side.
                                                                                                                                                     a pokemon joke what pokemon likes to run? lucardio!
                                                                                                                     i'm no longer interested in self-discovery; i'm more interested in self-medication.
                                                                                                                                                        jokes what do you call a fake noodle? an impasta
                                                                                             how does a scandinavian man catcall? "hey, you look like someone that could show me the right bus to take."
                                                                  a catholic priest and a rabbi are watching a little boy play... the priest says, "i want to screw him." the rabbi says, "out of what?"
                                                                                                                                                        me: i think this diet is gonna work. cheese: no.
                                                                                                             what happens if you cross breed spiderman and catwoman? i don't know..can you guys tell me?
                                                                  dallas black people: please be muslim please be muslim please be muslim muslim people: please be black please be black please be black
                                                                                                        whats the last thing that goes through a fly's brain before it hits my car windshield? its arse.
                                                                      you hear what happened to the beauty pageant contestant that came out covered in beef cuts? she was ms. steak'n... and got grilled
                                                                  rick astley is such a nice guy. he'll let you borrow any movie from his pixar collection except for one. he's never gonna give you up.
                                                                                                                                              what is a politician's favorite kind of tea? infideli-tea.
                                                                                                                                               what do you call a hooker's fart? ... ... a prosti- toot!
                                                                                                      buy this car, this is a good car, you could put a bunch of ducks in this car, probably 30-40 ducks
                                                                                                           this midlife crisis has a lot less bank heists and high speed car chases than i had imagined.
                                                                                             [puts puppy in microwave] [googles instructions for making hotdogs] [quickly releases puppy from microwave]
                                                                                                                  yo mamma is so stupid she tried to commit suicide by jumping from the basement window.
                                                                                                                                son, if you masturbate too much you'll go blind! ahh, i'm over here dad.
                                                                                                                                                  where does q come before p? in front of a busy urinal.
                                                              some dude just ran into starbucks, grabbed coconut water yelling "white people milk" and left. went outside, coconut water all over street
                                                    animal sounds cats go meow rats go squeak dogs go woof pigs go "put your hands on your fucking head unless you wanna be shot in your fucking skull!"
                                                                                                                             i know this guy that's hooked on brake fluid he said he could stop anytime.
                                                                                                                                                q: what is mr. t's nickname for wednesday? a: chump day.
                                                                                    i always enjoy sharing old memories with the @sshole from my old high school... while he is ringing up my groceries.
                                                                       double standars if a woman has sex with lots of men, people call her a slut. if a man does the same, they call him an homosexual.
                                                                                                                             i wasn't trying to put you on a pedestal. i was trying to bend you over it.
                                                                                                     i couldn't decide how to propose to the love of my life so i decided to ask her husband for advice.
                                  my wife got very upset at the funeral the other day, wailing and thumping the coffin with her fists and jeeeeez, you should've heard her when she went in the furnace.
                                                              me, texting my crush: have any plans tonight? her: no not yet!! i'm totally free and available me: ok well have a good night whatever u do
                                                                                                                        why are there no knock knock jokes about america? because freedom rings. 'murica
                                                            amazing how a fight can break out at the grocery store over something as simple as knocking over someone's cart and demanding they fight you
                                                                                                                                                     what's brown and goes through walls? a poopy spooky
                                                                                                    my favourite porn category is the one where girls quote 19th century irish writers girls gone wilde.
                                                                                                                                            phones are getting smarter and thinner. people, not so much.
                                                                                                                                               did you hear about the afghan rastafarian? he was stoned.
                                                                                                                                                        how many blacks does it take to start a riot! -1
                                                          there was a computer dating back to adam and eve.. it was an apple, and a very bad one at that. it only took one byte for everything to crash.
                                                                                                              what do you call fans who take a trilogy way too seriously? christians, muslims, and jews.
                                                                                                              i bought condoms & the cashier said do you need a bag? i replied "no she isn't that ugly".
                                                                                                               how many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh? ten-tickles. i'm sorry, everyone.
                                               young bobby was being fitted for glasses and his father standing beside him said "now remember son. don't wear them when you're not looking at anything."
                                                                                                                                        rick astley voted in the referendum. he's never gunna give eu up
                                                                     jews are lazy... ... essentially a group of people who couldn't be bothered to read the sequel. -will bailey (cambridge footlights)
                                                                                                                               i normally don't get a boner at burger king but when i do, it's a whopper
                                                                                                              did you hear that the saucepan beat the pot in a wrestling match? it was a real boil over.
                                                                                                                                        how do you make a hormone? it's easy they usually fake it anyway
                                                            *knock knock* open up its the police "what do you want?" you're under arres- "no." ..no?? "no, i don't want to be." *whispers* shit now what
                                                                                 have you ever noticed women say men only have one thing on their mind? yet women constantly ask us what we're thinking.
                                                                i lost an ibuprofen under my dresser a week ago and now i'm worried the spiders are coming after me with no headaches and renewed vigor.
                                                                                                                                               a blind man walked into a bar... and a table, and a chair
                                                                                                                                          what is a cucumber and a dolphin doing in the same room? sushi
         a irishman, mick goes to the doctor complaining of stomach pain... doctor: "well i cant find anything wrong with you , it must be the drinking" mick : "ill come back when you're sober doctor"
                                                                                                                             after the explosion at the cheese factory... all there was left was de brie
                                                                                                       my penis was in the guinness book of world records! and then the librarian told me to take it out
                                                                                                                                        i tried to explain what a double-entendre is but it's soooo hard
                                                            finding old food in your teeth is preferable to finding a pen in your fat rolls that's been there since you did a crossword three weeks ago.
                                                                                    why dont they have drivers education and sex education class on the same day in iran because it would kill the camel
                                                                                                                                       why can't you hear a pterodactyl use a bathroom? the p is silent.
                                                                        the school year is like a burrito... after 3 quarters you're full but you have to keep going even though it's all falling apart.
                                  good news! doctor: i have a really good news for you mrs johnson woman: well, my name is ms johnson doctor: in that case, i have a really bad news for you ms johnson!
                                                                  me: both of our hamsters died and we just can't part with them taxidermist: would you like them mounted? me: um no, just holding hands
                                                                                                 how many vietnam vets does it take to change a light bulb? you dont know, *coz you weren't there, man!*
                                                                                                                                                                          the lost bet by henrietta hart
                                       one of my dad's favorites about flying "you know there are more planes at the bottom of the ocean than submarines in the sky. they have never left one up there."
                                                                                                                                      girlfriend told me she wanted to see our kids so i came in her eye
                                                                                                                                             michael j. fox he's really just trying to master the force.
   so there were these two sisters.. a blonde and a brunette. the brunette goes to her sister and says "i just fucked a brazilian!" the blonde replies "you slut! how many more is that than a million?"
                                                                           honest ads - 'hot singles in your area want to be just friends'. 'hot singles in your area think of you more like a brother'.
                                                                                           you know you're old... when your stripper has braces and you're wondering how much her parents paid for them.
                                                                                           how do you keep a redditor busy for hours? [this joke is a repost. find the original post for the punchline.]
                                                                                                           what is a prisoner's favorite punctuation mark? the period: it marks the end of his sentence.
                                                                                                                                                 what time did sean connery arrive at wimbledon? tennish
                                                                                                                  life is like toilet paper... you're either on a roll or taking shit from some asshole.
          little johnny's teacher asks him to make a sentence using the following words: defeat, deduct, defense and detail. little johnny says, "de feet of de duck went over de fence before de tail."
                                                                                                  if your drug dealer doesn't give you any change, he's probably not going to give you a receipt either.
                                                                             how do you tell the difference between a chemistry professor and a politician ? just ask them to read this word: unionized.
                                                                                                                         what's the point in getting a master's degree if you can't even own any slaves?
                                                            dance like nobody's watching. paint like your girlfriend doesn't text you too much. sing like you didn't struggle with algebra in 9th grade.
                                                                                                                                      why was nikola tesla a fan of marvel? because he didn't like dc...
                                                                  a midget walks into a doctors clinic carrying a sword doctor: gerald! what's gotten into you man? midget: sorry, i feel a little sikh.
                                                                                                                                             what times does the chinaman go to the dentist? tooth-hurty
                                                                                                                               i want to make an alligator joke... but i'm afraid i'll get carried away.
                                                                                                               i haven't heard anything from my doctor since my ear surgery. or anyone, for that matter.
                                                                                                             a gymnast walks into a bar. he gets a two-point deduction and ruins his chances of a medal.
                                                                                                                                    what do you call a politically powerful shrub in jamaica? a hegemon.
                                                                                                                                         how do australians ask their friends to pass the coffee mate :(
                                                                                                                            i tried looking up another word for butthurt but i can't find my thesoreass.
                                                               controversy in europe did you hear about the latest controversy in europe? if russia attacks turkey from the behind will greece help out?
                                                                                                                                       i bet the guy who named it the big bang was super horny that day.
                                                                                        go to a parking lot and put sticky notes on people's cars saying "sorry for the damage." film reactions. profit.
                                                                            if zombies ever do attack, i'll just skip coffee that morning. they'll leave me alone because they'll think i'm one of them.
           i keep having this reoccurring dream every night i dream i'm constantly changing between being a teepee and a wigwam. i went to the doctor and he told me "calm down kid, you're two tents.".
                                                                                                                                        what do you give a train driver for christmas ? platform shoes !
                                                                               "this sub can't even handle me right now!!!"-what i just screamed in subway as i spit black olives all over a 7 year old.
                                                              "for every action there is an equal and opposite reaction.." - newton's law "shredded cabbage and carrot make a great salad." - cole's law
                                                                                                         fun fact: valentine's day was created by a woman than didn't get what she wanted for christmas.
           enjoying life there are few things i enjoy more than picking an argument with my wife when she has the hiccups. i wish i could wake up in the morning and be as excited about it as my penis.
                                                                                                                                                              why did hitler need glasses? he could nazi
                                                                                                            what are super mario &amp; luigi's overalls made of? denim-denim-denim... denim-denim-denim.
                                                                                                                      everyone's excited for the new minecraft movie. it's sure to be a real blockbuster
                                                                                                              says the emo-candle ... says the emo-candle to the other emo-candle: wanna go out with me?
                                                                                                                          why dont witches wear underwear? so they can get a good grip on the broomstick
                                                                                                                                   do you know what the secret of encouragement is? of course you don't.
                                                                                                       a pirate with alzheimer's sold his parrot the next day he woke up and shouted "where's my ship!?"
                                                                                                               lois lane would probably be terrible at picking out the right suspect in a police lineup.
                                                                       me: the bathroom wife: what? me: i was about to get off the couch and just wanted to stop you before you asked where i was going.
                                                                                                                             pristine coke and high class whores... it's all fun and games at robot wars
                                                                                                      i went to the doctor this morning and i have mono. at my age i think i should have surround sound.
                                                                                                                                                             what do you call a german outkast? hey, ja!
                                                                                                      there's a new tv drama coming out starring saddam hussein it's going to be called "soap on a rope"
                                                                                                          why did the cat give birth at the park? because the sign at the park said "fine for littering"
                                                                                                                                                    what's 7 inches and makes women submissive? a knife.
                                                                                                                                                  we can't help everyone, but everyone can help someone.
                                                                                                                                        what's the most common question in quantum physics? i don't know
                                                                                                   "if you know about us canadians, we like to say sorry..." "and if you knew that already... i'm sorry"
                                                                                                      i bet when slutty girls get cremated instead of ashes the family just gets an urn full of glitter.
                                                                                                       did you hear chewbaca won the nfl mvp his first year in the league? it was a great wookie season!
                                                                                                                                            how did harry potter get down the hill? walking. jk. rolling
                                                                   did you haer about the dyslexic insomniac atheist? he would spend all night long awake thinking about whether or not there was a dog.
                                                                                                                                                     you people from the internet freak me the fuck out.
                                                                                                                          what's the difference between menstrual fluid and sand? you can't gargle sand.
                                                                                                                   some cardinals and some ordinals walked into a bar, but the ordinals walked in first.
                                                                                                                                                      what's another word for "religion"? insurance scam
                                                                                                                                                    lady gaga is easily the scariest of all the muppets.
                                                                                                                              did you hear about the useful kid who jerks off too much? he cums in handy
                                                                                                                                          how's the new chinese restaurant downtown? eh... it's tso-tso.
                                                                                                  i invented a new sex position called "the donald" you grab her by the pussy and fling her over a wall.
                                                                                          i'm a man who hates rocks *smashes a rock with a sledgehammer* oh great i just made like a thousand more rocks
                                                                                                     how can you tell if someone who's having a  temper tantrum is on the phone? you get a tizzy signal!
                                                                      sure, 50% of marriages end in divorce and yeah, that's sad. but 100% of married people will die, and isn't that a greater tragedy?
                                                                     if you call a group of lions a pride, and a group of crows a murder; what do you call a group of pedophiles? the british parliament
                                                                                                                                    where did the cantaloupe take his vacation? john cougar's melon camp
                                                                                                                                         i see london. i see france. this is a very comprehensive atlas.
                                                                                                                                               i'm drinking some pretty average tea... it's mediocritea.
                                                                                                                                          i feel like i need to go to rehab for my avocado addiction. :(
                                                                                                            if you legally change your name to 'you're free to go' then it's impossible to get arrested.
                                                                                                                                                        i wonder if asian people put smileys like this )
                       beetlejuice 2 has been announced and is bringing keaton back but without winona... they were afraid she'd steal the show. /me drops the mic and walks off stage waving a pop tart
                        i asked a pretty, young, homeless woman if i could take her home, and she said yes with a big smile. the look on her face soon changed when i walked off with her cardboard box.
                                                                                                                                                        sometimes, when i close my eyes, i... can't see.
                                                                                                                                        how can you get four suits for under $2.00? buy a deck of cards.
                                                              for five years my mother tucked me in at night... she really wanted a girl credit goes to my friend nick for telling me this one. hi nick!
                                                                                                                             what does one do on the fine summers day when the toothbacks all say tooth?
                                                                                            a man is applying for the lapd and the inspector says: "got you! you thought this was going to be a repost!"
                                                                                                                                                  what do you call two skunks sixty-nining? odor eaters.
                                                                                                                                           sb50 panthers and broncos coin toss hillary won the coin toss
                                                                             this year for christmas you are getting jeans with the pockets cut out. so you can have clothes and something to play with.
                                                                                                                                                              what do you call gay sound waves? faghertz
                                                                                                                                                     "you got a friend in me" - your friend's girlfriend
                                                                                                                       what's the difference between trump and hitler? hitler started out as a good guy.
                                                                    it's impressive how within three minutes of crawling into bed your brain can remind you of 23,472 things going wrong with your life.
                                                                                                                                            pythagoras was a skeptic... ...but now he believes in angles
                                                                                                         why does the easter bunny hide his eggs? he doesn't want anybody to know he fuc%ing the chicken
                                                                                                                                                                  you gotta hand it to blind prostitutes
                                                                                                          a leopard tried to sneak out of his enclosure by pretending to be a zebra. but he was spotted.
                                                                                     two deer walk out of a gay bar one turns to the other and says "man, i can't believe i blew thirty bucks in there."
                                                                                                                                                     what is forrest gump's computer password? 1forrest1
                                                                                                                                                           what do you call a scary horse? a night-mare.
                                                                *sees a spider* i'm going to kill him *turn around to get a shoe* *turns back around and spider has 8 shoes* alright, let's be cool here
                                                                                                        praying that donald trump is really just ashton kutcher performing his most elaborate prank yet.
                                                                                ian: "i baked you a pie to say sorry for backing over your cat in my car." tim: "you did what?!" ian: "baked you a pie."
                                                                                                                                       there is no ice cream in space because no one can hear you scream
                                                                                                                                                    what did the bishop say to the priest? it's my turn.
                                                                                                                                 what do gyms and prisons have in common? they both have ripped assholes
                                                                                                                                    what do hitler and oprah have in common? neither could finish a race
                                                                                                                                                                   "i hate tacos!" ...said no juan ever.
                                                        did yall see the ebola donation thing that popped up on face book the other day? i clicked not now, because i thought it was some kind of virus.
                                                                                  reminder that pop secret was initially very poorly translated in japan, where it was called "deceptions of the father"
                                                                    the "i'm revealing my deepest insecurities to you with hope that you don't use them to utterly destroy me" is silent in "i love you"
                                                                                                                                                  what disease do neckbeard mosquitos give you? m'laria.
                                                                                             i tried to cross a redneck with a golden retriever... all i got was a dirty look from the golden retriever.
                                                                                                                                                 soviet valentine's day you are the hammer to my sickle.
                                                                                                                             what did the terminator say when he decided to take up piano? i'll be bach.
                                                                                                                               why is russian the most dangerous language to learn? because it's russki.
                                                                                                                                                       what do you call a jewish bodybuilder? muscletov.
                                                                                                                                                       a boob job sounds like the best job in the world.
                walks into a bar a man walked into a florida bar with his crocodile and asked the bartender: "do you serve lawyers here?" "sure." "good. one beer for me and a lawyer for my crocodile."
                                                                                                                          old mcdonald had a farm and it grew delicious, non-biodegradable french fries.
                                                                                                                        the meanest man in the world is the warden who put a tack on the electric chair.
                                                                                                               i don't get the term "pansexual" i mean, i like bread as much as the next guy, but c'mon!
                                                                                                                                                                  i bought a fan today... it blows, man.
                                                                     let's ask the ouija board a question. is my wife's meatloaf good? *pointer moves to no* you see, debra? no i did not move it myself
                                                                                                                                    what do you call a quote with inhuman like abilities? a super saying
                                                                                                                                   if you spin an asian person around, what do they become? disoriented.
                                                                                                                                 hitler was quite thirsty... i hear he downed 6 million gallons of jewce
                                                                co-worker: face up or face down? me: um. what? cw: the fax machine? documents face up or down? me: i'm not mature enough to answer that.
                                                why do police ask to see your drinking license when they pull you over, but they call it a driver license like your bartender does before you can drink?
                                                                                             did you hear about the football offensive coordinator who was republican? he was a conservative playcaller.
                                                                                                 my teenage son is obsessed with the difference between sine and cosine. but i'm sure it's just a phase.
                                                                                                                                           what do you call data on a pediatricians computer? pedi-files
                                                            bartender: you're the guy that drinks from the soap dispenser in the toilets? me: [i try to say "no" but it's just lavender scented bubbles]
                                                                                                                                                  what's the titanic's favorite holiday? sink-o de mayo.
                                                                  llanfairpwllgwyngyllgogerychwyrndrobwllllantysiliogogogoch sorry, my cat walked on my keyboard and accidentally typed something welsh.
                                                                                                                                          the biggest joke ever team fortress 2 competitive matchmaking.
                                                                                                                           there should be 1 line at every store for people who have their shit together
                                                                                a policeman sees two boys, one with batteries, the other with fireworks he charges the first boy and lets the other off.
                                                                                                                                         what do you call someone who is racist against asians? riceist.
                                                                                                                                                      would you like a push on that mood swing of yours?
                                                                                                                                                          the comments are funnier than the jokes... ...
                                                                                                                             what's the best thing about twenty eight year olds? there's twenty of them.
                                                                                                        i thought i saw a coyote in the yard tonight but i couldn't tell because it didnt have an anvil.
                                                                       father's day is a great time to give your father a tie so he can look extra nice at the job he settled for because you were born.
                                                                               this girl came up to me today and said she recognized me from the vegetarian club. i was confused. i never met herbivore.
                                                                                                                          i find it really hard to tell jokes on reddit. i always punch up the fuckline.
                                                                                                                 why are dyslexic zombies such good plumbers? because they're always looking for drains.
                                                                                  i would've been an actor, but i was afraid of being cast as the idiot that throws his gun when he runs out of bullets.
                                                                                                                                             what do you call dangerous precipitation? a rain of terror.
                                                                                                                                                             what do you call a 3 humped camel? pregnant
                                                                                       national survey reports pi day as america's third-most underrated holiday to me it's a little bit more than that.
                                                                                                                              why didn't the life guard save the hippy? beacuse he was to "far out man".
                                                                                     soon a hero will rise. then he will fall again. then he will rise and also fall. wait. the hero is on a trampoline.
                                                                                                                          what is santa's motto? wrap your package before you shove it down the chimney.
                                                                             til of a native american doctor who has successfully treated cancer for hundreds of individuals. they call him chemo savvy.
                                                                                                        how do you kill a redneck? wait until he's fucking his sister, then cut the brakes on his house.
                                                                                             *adobe update puts on fake moustache and glasses* hi, my name is ios 7, would you like to download updates?
                                                            me: i killed another one, boss. mob boss: you don't work for me. me: i volunteered. mob boss:*looking angry* me: i'm gonna get back to work.
                                                                                                                                          why can't chinese emperors commit murder? because it's irregal
                                                                                                                                why did jesus hang on the cross for three days? he forgot the safe word.
                                                                                                            whens someone says you've changed, it simply means you've stopped living your life their way
                                                                                   fool me once, shame on you. fool me twice, shame on me. fool me three times lets face it you're a jerk and i'm stupid
                                                                                                                                   the past, the present and the future walk into a bar... it was tense.
                                                        a grasshopper walks into a bar. the bartender says, "we've got a drink named after you." the grasshopper says: "you've got a drink named steve?"
                                                                                                                                                        what did the devil get arrested for? possession!
                                                              me: why is my son failing teacher: just because u gave him that name doesnt mean he'll be intelligent me: [gasping] cover ur ears smartboy
                                                                                dad: why are your eyes red, son? son: i smoke weed, dad.  dad: don't lie to me, you were crying because you're a faggot.
                                                                                                                          my church says to treat my body like a temple. and let all the priests inside.
                                                                   when i die, i want to go peacefully like my grandfather did - in his sleep. not yelling and screaming like the passengers in his car.
                                                                                                                         why do cowgirls walk bow-legged? because cowboys always eat with their hats on.
                    "first things first i'm the illest. drop this &amp; let the whole world feel it, and i'm still in the murda bizness i could hold you down like i'm givin' lessons in killin' "-ebola
                                                                                                                                                          what do you call a gay guy in a coma? a tomato
                                                                                                                had maury povich been in star wars, we would have known who the father was a lot sooner.
                                                                                    hey hollywood, time to start using a new fake phone number. this 555 bullshit takes me out of the moment every time.
                                                                                                                                  what do you call a snake who works in the government? a civil serpent.
                                                                                                                                    [nsfw] what's an english man's favourite sexual activity? teabagging
                                                                                                                                            why don't women blink during foreplay? they don't have time.
                                                            the difference between being interrogated by a terrorist & interrogated by a woman is that eventually the terrorist will end your suffering.
                                                                                            pretty proud that after all these years i still have the body of a 22 yr old triathlete. in my storage shed.
                                                              down on yourself for being lazy? keep in mind the greeks believed their gods lived atop a very hikeable mountain and no one went to check.
                                                                                                                             i watch amateur bdsm for the same reason people watch nascar the accidents.
                                                                                                                                      why did the condom fly across the room? because it was pissed off.
                                                                                                                         i've always heard that karma's a bitch... ...not like i'd know. thanks, reddit.
                                                                                                        how many jugglers does it take to change a light bulb? only one, but you need three light bulbs.
                                                                                                                why did the bicycle fall over? it was two-tyred. alexa gave me that one. bing bang boom.
                                                                                                           today, at the train station, my mood ring was stolen... but i'm not sure how i feel about it.
                                                                                                                                       did you know there's a bird named after a dildo? the wood pecker.
                                                                                                                                      my idiot dog just ate a box of condom. i was gonna eat those buddy
                                                                                                                              who do you pat with encouragement when they fail to work? a remote control
                                               study finds washington state residents consumed 175 metric tons of pot in 2013 (real news) as a result, the state is changing it's slogan to "whoa dude."
                                                                                                                 what do you do when a blonde throws a grenade at you pull the pin out and throw it back
                                                                                                                              what did muhammad ali tell isis? isis? pretty soon y'all gonna be waswas !
                                                                                                                            my roommate thinks i have schizophrenia which is weird because i live alone.
                                                                                                         i bought a new book today called x-ray vision for beginners.' i'm having a look through it now.
                                                            sometimes when i get a retweet... i blow on my phone, twirl it and slide it into my belt holster, then ride off into the sunset like a dork.
                                                                                                                          facebook timelines are just a step by step account of your march toward death.
                                                                                                  how do you tell apart a guitarist and a computer geek? ask them if they think solid states are shitty.
                                                            i passed a homeless guy who asked "any change!?" i said "nope, your still dirty and homeless". we laughed and laughed and then he stabbed me
                                                                                                                             i'm lucky have a friend like you. i'm just glad he isn't too much like you.
                                                  who loves you more, your wife or your dog? lock them both in the trunk of your car for an hour. guess who is happy to see you when you open the trunk?
                                                               an apple store near where i live got robbed $25k worth of merchandise was stolen. the police said that they will get both computers back.
                                                                                                                                              what does an academic call masturbation? his seminal work.
                                                                                                                            "hey mom, where could i buy some paperclips?" "staples?" "no....paperclips."
                                                              whenever i flush a bug down the toilet, i have to watch and make sure it dosen't come back, zombie style, with revenge in it's tiny heart.
                                                      if 4 people having sex is a foursome.... 3 people having sex is a threesome... and 2 people having sex is a twosome... does that make me handsome?
                                                                                                                                           why don't blind people skydive? it scares their dogs too much
                                                                                 me: who's a good boy!! dog: did you just misgender me you genderphobic heteronormative piece of shit me: what dog: bark
                                                                                                                                     i just put a bottle antifreeze in the freezer. place your bets now.
                                                                                                                                                  anyone ever seen stevie wonders house? neither has he!
                                                                                                                      i think i made up a joke. what do rappers use to wash their clothes? bleee-aaaach!
                                                                                  they constantly call trump a white supremacist, but how can he be that when he's not even white himself? he is orange.
                                                                                                                                                               what sound does a cow make? sssssssss....
                                      knock knock who's there? banana. banana who? knock, knock. who's there? banana. banana who? knock, knock. who's there? orange. orange who? (punchline in comments)
                                                                                                           what do you call?? what do you call a french terror attack in america? opening day for batman
                                                                                                                                why are erectile dysfunction jokes so unfunny? they're not hard to make.
                                                                                                                                                      a kiss makes my whole day anal makes my hole weak.
                                                                how is marriage and cpr training the same? you get a certificate for showing you can do it and hope to god you never have to do it again
                                                                                                                                          i bet the presidential seal gets to eat all the fish he wants.
                                                                       my girlfriend told me she wanted to wake up to oral i don't know what she expected but it sure as hell wasn't a dick in her mouth
                                         because of texting, today's generation has no idea of the horror felt when get caught passing a note in class and having the teacher make you read it out loud!
                                                                                                                                  5/6 people agree... ...that russian roulette is a great way to gamble.
                                                                                                                                         where did putin tell the protesters where to meet? crimea river
                                                                                      that awkward moment when a person says they need their beauty sleep when what they really need is plastic surgery.
                                                                                                                                why do mexicans make tamales for christmas? to have something to unwrap.
                                                                                                    what's the difference between a fish market and nicki minaj? one has halibut and one has hella butt.
                                                                                                                                    q: why do ducks have flat webbed feet? a: to stomp out forest fires.
                                                                                                                                                                      karma is only a bitch, if you are.
                                                                                                                                                                  what's a specimen? a spanish astronaut
                                                                     manager: you're hired! the pay is $200 per hour, plus benefits. the first thing you need to do is make a phone call to-- me: i quit
                                                                                                                 donald trump and jeremy clarkson are now in the same line of work the unemployment line
                                                                             what's the hardest part of a vegetable to eat the wheelchair whats the hardest part of a vegetable to eat,   the wheelchair
                                                 i just read that 25% of women in the united states take medication for mental illness... that's scary! why do we let 75% of them run around untreated??
                                                                                                   my wife just found a pretzel in her hair and then she ate it and i didn't know i could love her more.
                                                                                                                                           i've been diagnosed with chronic fear of giants; feefiphobia.
                                                             just once i'd like to walk down the aisle, take my vows, say i do... without being dragged out being told, "ma'am, you're not the bride..."
                                                                                                                 roses are red... roses are red violets are red trees are red shit my garden is on fire!
                                                                                           i got in touch with my inner self today... that's the last time i buy 1 ply toilet paper at the dollar store!
                                                                                     *dj drops the beet* errybody in the club begins wondering why the dj would bring a root vegetable to work with him.
                                                             after years of marriage & kids i have no idea how i'd handle a 1st date. just give him a juice box, crackers & an ipad? do i bring coupons?
                                                                                                                           i don't want to masturbate... ...but im doing this "1000 days in a row" thing
                                                                                                        q: what's the difference between bill  clinton and a container of yogurt? a: yogurt has culture.
                                                                                                                   john lennon would have been 82 years old today had he not perished on 9/11. #kony2012
                                                                                                          with the rising cost of gasoline, chuck norris is beginning to worry about his drinking habit.
                                                                                                                                                                        5+5=6 -5+6=-12 10+10=200 no joke
                                                                                          did you hear about the quasimodo look alike contest? the police had to break it up when the crowd turned ugly.
                                                                                                                                                   whats the most confusing day in detroit? fathers day.
                                                                                                         if storks bring white babies and crows bring black babies, then what brings no babies? swallows
                                                                                                              the secretary keeps hearing music coming from the printer... i think the paper is jamming.
                                                 when you are getting old.... you know you're getting old when you stop to tie your shoelaces and wonder what else you could do while you're down there.
                                                                    me: can i please sleep? brain: no. now sing mambo #5 again. me: but i hate that song! brain: i don't give a shit! me: 1, 2, 3-4-5...
                                                                                                                        apparently the capital of israel is totally impoverished. it's a real jerusaslum
                                                                                                          waiter waiter! there's a dead spider in my soup. yes ma'am they can't stand the boiling water.
                                                            if you see suicide squad be sure to stay after the credits. lots of people leave half empty containers of popcorn and you can just have them
                                                                                     did you hear the joke about the sewage back-up at the juice bar? no? well, that's okay. it had a shitty punch line.
                                                                                                                                     what's 18 inches long and hangs in front of an asshole? trump's tie
                                                                                                     if africa had more mosquito nets... ...we'd save millions of mosquitos from dying of aids each year
                                                                                          ok! my friend wanted to know how big the ocean was? (click to view my answer). you have to be more pacific. :d
                                                                                                                                                                 what has 9 arms and sucks? led zeppelin
                                                  why did princess diana cross the road? she wasn't wearing her seat-belt. credit goes to some caller on the dean blundell show. i couldn't make that up
                                                                                               how many dead hookers does it take to screw in a light bulb? not 6, because it's still dark down there...
  i can honestly say that the "just say no!" approach kept me completely drug free throughout my youth. whenever i saw a group of kids doing drugs and i asked if i could try some, they just said "no!"
                                                                       i used to work at a soda pressing factory... i had to compress soda cans all day. it was so depressing. (so...da...pressing). ha!
                                                                                                                                                                   everybody is annoying after one hour.
                                                                                                                             how do you kill a guy with a coconut allergy? you put a bounty on his head.
                                                                 *undercover cop knocks* hi fill out this survey to win a free ipad! 1. name 2. address 3. email 4. where are drugs *mustache falls off*
                                                                                                                   i thought the undertale genocide run was comic, but than i met sans. ^i'm ^so ^sorry.
                                                                        hearing deteriorates as we get older. so why with every new year does the sound of someone eating become louder & more annoying?
                                                                                                                q: why was the young bear so spoiled? a: because his mother "panda'd" to his every whim!
                                                                                                                                            what does a south korean call their lover? their seoul mate.
                                                                                             robber: give me your valuables me: *hands him piece of paper* robber: what's this? me: my netflix password.
                                                            the time for being a smartass isn't when someone is in a murderous rage. there's a discreet unmarked grave out there that'll attest to that.
                                                                                                                                                                 r/nowifi there seems to be nothing here
                                                                                                                 "my mum hung a picture of me when i was 5 on the wall." "months? years?" "no, seconds."
                                                                                                                         why couldn't the alligator send e-mails on his  pc? because it was on old croc.
                                                                                                               people call me the most disoriented u-boat captain of the 20th century... oops wrong sub.
                                                                                     a pervert, a con artist and a fascist walk into a bar... ..the bartender says, "what'll it be mr. president trump?"
                                                                                                                                                 what hired killer never goes to jail? the exterminator.
                                                                                                                how many feminists does it take to change a lightbulb? none. they can't change anything.
                                 the sun god heloios was hungover today. unable to lift his radiant body out of bed he just stuck his blazing bare bum over the horizon... ... it was the crack of dawn.
                                             oscar i hear oscar pistorius is struggling in jail so far. he's not getting on too well with the food. the good news is though, he is yet to have the runs.
                                                                                                                        where does a north korean go after he upvotes a thread on reddit? to the morgue.
                                                                             my friend and i applied for work at the new submarine factory. i don't know if we'll get jobs, but we'll see what surfaces.
                                                                                                           two lesbian vampires have just had sex.... and one says to the other: "same time next month?"
                                                                                                                      what do a call a midget psychic that just robbed a bank? a small, medium, at large
                                                              "hi i can't remember the name of this actress.you know her, she's in that movie you saw. she's got that hair." -actual message from my mom
                                                                                                what did fruit loops say when launching their product to compete with cheerios? toucan play at that game
                                                                                                                 why don't mexicans cross the border in groups? because the border says "no trespassing"
                                                                                 i just saved a bunch of money on my car insurance by switching my license plate before i ran down all the people i hate
                               when my wife starts to sing.......... when my wife starts to sing i always go out and do some garden work so our neighbors can see there's no domestic violence going on.
                                                                                                                              bill cosby used to be my rolemodel... until i found out he was a comedian.
                                                                                                                                       what is a cannibal's favorite food to eat when he is lazy? ra-men
                                                                                                                                                q: what do you get from a pampered cow? a: spoiled milk.
                                                                                                                                                      q: what's gray and comes in pints? a: an elephant.
                                                                                                                      my husband hits me whenever i tell a joke. he doesn't strike me as the funny type.
                                                                                                                                                         what do you call a gay farmer? a jolly rancher!
                                                                                                                                     how do you project confidence? multiply by the cosine of the angle.
                                                                                                       my local newspaper ran a story on the decrease of cow psychics. it was called "steak medium rare"
                                                                                                                               nice eyebrows girlfriend. i didn't know they made sharpies in that color.
                                                                                                                                                what did the little black boy get for christmas? my bike
                                                                                                             you can tell that donald trump isn't amish ...because he is terrible at building a cabinet.
                                                        bill russell tried to sell a championship ring to lebron james for $1...... ...... but lebron only has 3 quarters. read online on a comment. lol
                                                                                                                                                                  i think one of my dads might be gay...
                                                                                                              what if life on earth is just a video game for gods, and my guy has the crappy controller?
                                                                                               hey nikon, just a friendly heads-up here... nobody gives one single fuck what camera ashton kutcher uses.
                                                                                                                i keep myself in good enough shape to outrun most women and children during emergencies.
                                                                                                               what do you call the underwear of someone experiencing nocturnal emissions? dreamcatchers
                                                                                                                                             what's a jewish dota 2 player's favorite skill? shekel shot
                                                                                                                   i hurt my back while cutting down a tree. guess you could say i have lumber problems.
                                                                                                                               (nsfw) a blind man walks past a fish market and exclaims "hellooo ladies"
                                                                                                                                              what did santa say when he went to a brothel? hoe hoe hoe!
                                                                    phone call wife: want a free couch? me: free? yes! wife: how do we pick it up? me: lift with your legs, not your back. wife: *click*
                                                                                  what does an egg say to a pot of boiling water? it's gonna take me a while to get hard, i just got laid by this chick.
                                                                                        tectonic plates one tectonic plate said to the other, "i'm addicted to crack". the other said, "it's your fault"
                                                                                                                                          things i'm doing today * going to the gym * having sex * lying
                                                                         dramatic performance i once had a dramatic performance on the subject of puns, but then i realized it was just a play on words.
                                                                 obama: we need to create a plan to reduce pollution biden: *turns from watching captain planet* have you asked the planeteers for help?
                                                                                         to impress the guys i told them i was dating an artist. i didn't tell them her preferred medium was sandwiches.
                                                                        whats the difference between beer nuts and deer nuts? beer nuts are a dollar and forty nine cents and deer nuts are under a buck
                                                                                                                 why did the christian girl like to be choked during sex? so she could be closer to god.
                                                                                                                 good news: your wit is really mind-blowing bad news: it's not my mind that i want blown
                                                                                                                                                        i got my car crime-colored. it's black on black.
                                                                                                                                                               what did the chinese cowboy say? nii haw!
                                                                                            you know what the difference between "pay to win" and "play to win" is? l. which stands for "lots of money".
                                                                                                                              why can't you play uno with a mexican? they keep stealing the green cards.
                                                                                                                                    i once met a guy who had a law fetish. he got off on a technicality.
                                                                                                           according to the second law of thermodynamics, you're supposed to share your hotness with me.
                                                                                    i think we should invest in mosquito nets for africa we can save millions of mosquitos from needlessly dying of aids
                                                              i went into a store with my kid and came out with a different one by accident. this one is a keeper. he says he does brake work. well see.
                                                                                                                          am i the only one who closes the silverware drawer with an epic pelvic thrust?
                                                                                                    what do french people do when they don't have bottles of their favourite beverage? they go to cannes
                                                                                                            i took the bus home when i was drunk yesterday unfortunately they made me give it back today
                                                                                               how do you tell the difference between a factory worker, and a chemist? ask them to pronounce 'unionized'
                                                                                                          what's the only difference between a near sighted and a far sighted gynecologist ? a wet nose.
                                                                                        why does someone believe you when you say there are four billion stars, but check when you say the paint is wet?
                                                                                                                                                     why does snoop dogg use and umbrella? for drizzle..
                                            there once was a man from the cape. who had balls like a hairy great ape. then he met a nice girl. she gave him a whirl. and now he's got two little grapes.
                                                                          ok, if you get to refer to your favorite football team as "we," then i definitely get to refer to the cast of friends as "we."
                                                                              what's the difference between a 6 year old and a 16 year old? which hole they stick their finger in when no-one's looking.
                                                                                                                                                 well... well... well... welcome to stutterers anonymous
                                                                                                    why did the chicken cross the road? to get some chicks. (nephew made this joke, he's 5 years old :o)
                                                                                                                                                       why doe's ellen pao suck? because of my big tits.
                                                                                                                                    what would happen if all the rattatas died? they would be eraticated
                                                                                         how many saiyans does it take to screw in a light bulb? just one... but it takes 4 episodes and krillin dies...
                                                                              i just don't know where i stand on masturabation... i mean, on one hand it feels good, but on the other hand it feels bad.
                                                                                                                               what smells better raw meat or a baby? depends on how cooked the baby is.
                                                                                                                         what did the clitoris say to her therapist? "i'm a bundle of nerves right now!"
                                                                                                                                why can't you run in a camp ground? you can only 'ran'; it's past tents.
                                                                                                                     shaving your beard is a great way to remember what you looked like when you were 5.
                                                               how is michael jackson like the thousands of people outside times square on new years? once the balls drop, they're no longer interested!
                                                                                                     a man driving a car hits a woman. who's fault is it? trick question! cars can't fit in the kitchen!
                                                                                                    just like to give a shout out to the guy who plays triangle in our orchestra. thanks for every ting.
                                                                                                            why did star wars episodes 4,5,6 come before 1,2,3? because in charge of planning, yoda was.
                                                                                                     as a girl, what's both a good and a bad thing to say when a guy can't get it up? "no hard feelings"
                                                                                                                             how do you get honey from a graveyard? from a zombee!   i'll see myself out
                   please turn off the computer dad's writes on son's facebook wall: dear son, how are you? all are fine here. we miss you a lot. please turn off the computer and come down for dinner.
                                                                                         hurricanes are loud, costly and sometimes fatal forces of nature that's why the wmo name them after their wives
                                                                                                   i felt a rush of culture shock wash over me as i walked through a middle eastern market it was bazaar
                                                                                                                              after 5 vodka and red bulls, you start wearing your lindsay lohan costume.
                                                                                           i'm trying to become a vegetarian so from now i'm only eating seafood. like lobster, prawns and drowned cows.
                                                                                                         a vaping vegan walks into a bar just kidding they're incapable of doing anything remotely cool.
                                        only if these women were as thorough in choosing a man as they are in choosing which selfies to upload on facebook maybe they wouldn't get heartbroken so often.
                                                two men walk into a bar... "knock, knock!"...... "who's there?" says one. "it's the doctor, you two walked into a pole, now tell me if your head hurts."
                                                             i'm not going to make my daughter choose a religion, i'll explain the differences & when the time comes she can choose either marvel or dc.
                                                                                                              summer is real cute until every frickin type of insect comes out of the 8th circle of hell
                                                                                                                   how many black people does it take to screw in a light bulb? one, you fucking racist!
                                                                                                                 life advice always keep your words soft and sweet - in case you have to eat them later.
                                                                                                                                         what language does a boxer who punches jokes speak? punjabi-ng.
                                                                                                                                         what is 4,000 lawyers at the bottom of the ocean? a good start.
                                                                                                                                                           haters gonna hate, thermometers gonna thermom
                                                                                                                     why did the gifting company fire their last employee ? because they got a bad wrap.
                                                                                                                                                  what's a dragon ball fan's favourite food? vegeta-bles
                                                                                                                          what's worse than a male chauvinist pig? a woman who won't do what she's told.
                                                                                                        i dated this metal chick once it was all cool for the first month, but then she started to rust.
                                                                                                                                     when a woman says "what did you just say?" say something different.
                                                                                                                                                (nsfw) what's a vagina's favorite type of music? cuntry!
                                                                                                                                                     q: what do you call a powerful black guy? a: obama.
                                                                                              a girl phoned me the other day and said "come on over, there's nobody home." i went over. nobody was home.
                                                                      i had a boyfriend once....right up until the moment my dad asked him "so what do you do?" and he replied your daughter. he's dead.
                                                                                                                                              i am living proof that you can "be there" and "be square".
                                                                  [meeting gf's mom] wow! this must be your sister! your baby sister! *shakes keys in front of her face* i'm overselling this, aren't i?
                                                                                                                 what do you call slapping hands with (5^.5+1)/2? a high phive! i'll see myself out now.
                                                                                                             leaving your cell phone unlocked near your girlfriend is like leaving a cake near a fat kid
                                                                                                                              why was 6 afraid of 777? because it's like a really large number and stuff
                                                                                                                              i would never let my kids go see an orchestra... too much sax and violins.
                                                                                                                                   what do you call a conversation at a proctologist meeting? butt-talks
                                                                                                                        this petraeus scandal is getting real confusing. i hope i didn't sleep with him.
                                                                                                                        roses are red, violets are blue, i'm a schizophrenic and so am i. -oscar levant.
                                                                                                                  i have ptsd from catching a glimpse of a co-worker's pale belly roll during a meeting.
                                                                                                                                      i got a job digging graves, i don't know how, i just fell into it.
                              chuck norris can win a game of trivial pursuit with one roll of the dice, and without answering a single question...... just a nod of the head, and a stroke of the beard.
                                                                                                                                                         what's the worst kind of t-shirt? a casual tee.
                                                            i actually don't really hate anybody at all except for oprah,david spade, kevin james, the mom from the berenstain bears, sheryl crow, kevin
                                                                                                                    what's the difference between light and hard? well, you can sleep with a light on...
                                                                                                        there was this one time i discovered a time machine... i still remember it like it was tomorrow.
                                                         i hate those people who knock on your door and tell you how you need to be "saved" or you'll "burn"... stupid firemen. [x-post /r/christianity]
                                                                                                                   the worst part of kissing a perfect 10.... is how cold the mirror feels on your lips.
                                                                                                                   what is the advantage that mexican workers have over everyone else? their "senor"ity!
                                                                im sorry, but you only have two weeks to live *slides the doctor a five dollar bill* ooooh make that 3 weeks buddy *winks at loved ones*
                                                      &lt;put your title here&gt; may be nsfw isn't it crazy how there is a band called one direction, because that's what i named my asshole as a teen.
                                                                                                                      a guy with a rock on his head hit someone and was charged with basalt and hattery.
                                                                                                                asking me to care would be like asking the hunchback of notre dame to stand up straight.
                                                                            besides being curled up on the bathroom floor convinced i was dying from liver failure for a few hours, last night was  fun.
            what did the mama pig give her baby pig for its rash? ***oinkment!*** &gt; (this exchange that i found on /r/tumblr makes this joke even funnier to me: &gt; http://i.imgur.com/ezt0bkd.jpg)
                                                                                                                 when the only light in your world is suddenly gone ...it's time to recharge your phone.
                                                                                                                                       a bunch of angry redditors get pissed because of...? (this joke?)
                                                                                                 i thought /r/twoxchromosomes was a mental retardation subreddit. the posts didn't convince me otherwise
                                                                                                                                    a termite walks into a bar... and he asks, "is the bar tender here?"
                                                                                                                              what do you call a bear that's been in the rain? a drizzly bear, of course
                                                                                                                                       the future, past and present walk into a bar... things get tense.
                                                                                               why shouldn't you listen to people who have just come out of the swimming pool? because they are all wet.
                                                                at bedtime i read my daughter a few of my favorite rts, tuck her in & whisper, "this is why we don't talk to strangers on the internet."
                                                                                                                                      what do you get when you cross a bungee cord with an owl?? my ass.
                                                                                                 why did the auditor cross the  road? because he looked in the file and that's what they did last  year.
                                                                                                                             when she texts "i love you"... but auto-correct changes it to "who is this"
                                                                                          do you remember buckwheat from the little rascals? he recently converted to islam. and became kareem of wheat.
                                                                                                                                    what did the janitor say when he came out of the closet? supplies!!!
                                                                *wife offers me a sip of her water* m: am i gonna catch what you have? w: no m: w: m: are you sur- w: you're not going to get my period!
                                                                                                                         my favourite haiku space is limited in a haiku, so it's hard to finish what you
                                                                                                if you get angry, just take deep breaths and count to ten. unless you're angry about oxygen and numbers.
                                                                                                                                                      screw me if i am wrong, but haven't we met before?
                                                                                                                                                                 you know what is funny? not this sub...
                                                                                privacy is very important to me. that is why i only share sensitive information with my closest 480 friends on facebook.
                                                                                                                                     police: sir, do you know how fast you were going? me: jealous much?
                                                                                     what did samsung galaxy s 5 say to the iphone 6? "get bent" i hope you guys like this joke. i just came up with it.
                                                                                                                                                                    vagina jokes aren't funny... period.
               clinton campaign hillary's clinton's response to allegations of receiving money from foreign governments to fund her campaign: "i did not have financial relations with those countries!"
                                                                                                                                                                    welcome to cupcake yoga! nomnomaste.
                                                                                                                      how was marriage instituted? a bunch of prostitutes wanted to start a labor union.
                                                                                                             i hope i die alone. i mean, you'd have to be a pretty big jerk to hope others die with you.
                                                                         finally i have an excuse for getting fat, heard on radio about girl who been eating in her sleep ... that's it, i've got that !
                                                                                               people used to say i would never get over my obsession with phil collins.... well, take a look at me now!
                                                                                                               what is the difference between 69 and an ambush ? with 69 you see the cunt coming at you.
                                                                                                                                          look ma, no hands. i was caught shoplifting in saudi arabia :(
                                                                                                                                           people are like snowflakes. if you piss on them they go away.
                                                                                                                                 why is there echo every time bono sings? because he's close to the edge
                                                                                                                       it'd be pretty messed up if the cure for cancer was in those end-slices of bread.
                                                            my mom doesn't understand that powdered donuts are eaten over cd cases while in cars, and my friends love donuts, and that's why. (not blow)
                                                                                    my girlfriend, concerned, asked me if i'm an alcoholic. i said "of course not sweetie." "alcoholics go to meetings."
                                                                                                                              a tv show where a group of friends just text each other but never hang out
                                                                  growing up, mum was always like a beautiful bird. she would fly away and when she returned many hours later she would puke everywhere.
                                                         there are 10 types of people in the world... those who know binary... those who don't... and those who wonder why we don't use ternary instead.
                                                                                                        sex is like math. add a bed, subtract the clothes, divide the legs, and pray you don't multiply!
                                                                                                                                                            i have a pizza joke but it's a little cheesy
                                                                                                                               what's black and white and red all over? a cow that's just been murdered.
                                                                                         i just don't get the immigration issue... if they can't get visas, then they should just apply for mastercards.
                                                                                                                "mayo" is also an abbreviation for "mayonnaise!" copyright 2010 everyone on the internet
                                                                                                                      just a reminder not to wear white after labor day and not to be black around cops.
                                                                                                        saying, "i'm sorry," is the same as saying, "i apologize." except at a funeral. - demetri martin
                                                                             q: what is clinton's plan to create thousands of small businesses? a: take thousands of big businesses and wait four years.
                                                                                                                     i ate way too many freedom fries yesterday. i had to liberate the toilet for hours.
                                                                                                                                                                          specimen: an italian astronaut
                                                                          anne boleyn: my love, i wait for but one word from you henry viii: new phone who dis anne: your wife henry viii: lol which one
                                                   why did the printing company only print in small print? because yo momma works there and she can only print in large print get rekt sit down shut up!
                                                                      do you know the greek version of monopoly? it's called monopoulos and you just borrow all the money from the bank. everyone loses.
                                                                                                                                                             i like putin the rest of the joke down here
                                                                          "of course i can paint your ceiling," michaelangelo scoffed. "gonna paint a bunch of dudes with their dicks out on it though."
                                                                                  fully clothed mom just waded into the pool to grab her devil spawn child that was ignoring her. she's my new favorite.
                                                                                                           life is like a penis. simple, relaxed and hanging around freely. it's women who make it hard.
                                                                                                                                                    what us state has a lot of dirty laundry? washington
                                                                                                                      my wife is alot like pandora radio she is always asking me if i am still listening
                                                                                                          i told my girlfriend to give me the worst handjob ever. i was surprised she could pull it off.
                                                                                                                                  home alone... time to teach the neighbors what good music sounds like!
                                                                                                          what does a vagina and the mafia have in comman? one slip of the tongue and your in deep shit.
                                                                                                         i almost banged my wife in the ass last night.. coworker: well, what happened? me: she woke up!
                                                                                                                                                                   what do valley girls drink? soo-duhh!
                                                                                    why doesn't anyone in [insert nations capital] use the toilet in the morning? so they have something to do at night.
                                                                                                                                                                hoarding's great. collectively speaking.
                                                                                                                             if i'm introduced to a proctologist at a party ... ... do i shake his hand?
                                   i walked into the urgent care bathroom and read a sign that said "nothing other than toilet paper in the toilet" so i shit on the floor and flushed the toilet paper.
                                                                                                                                        england doesn't have a kidney bank, but it does have a liverpool
                                                                                             okay restaurants. enough with the clever bathroom signs. a simple m and f will do. sincerely, drunk people.
                                                                                                      why did the referee blow his whistle at the leper hockey game? there was a face off at centre ice.
                                                                                                        everyone criticizes the salem witch trials, but we haven't had a witch attack in over 200 years.
                                                                                                                   hey, have you heard of that new movie, "constipation"? yeah...it hasn't come out yet.
                                                                                                                           i'm thinking of a number between 1 and 10. i hope it's thinking about me too.
                                                                                                                           if donald trump's hair turns out to be a wig then... there'll be hell toupee.
                                                                                                                                          what do you call an amputee that can't answer riddles? stumped
                                                                                                                              wow if you dont pronounce 'testicles' like its the name of a greek warrior
                                                                                                                                   i told a riddle to a double amputee once boy did it leave him stumped
                                       i can't decide whether to buy a bicycle or a cow for my farm. well wouldn't you look silly riding a cow?  i'd look a darn sight sillier trying to milk a bicycle!
                                                                                                      what did the one volcano say to the other volcano? do you lava me like i lava you. it's beautiful.
                                                                                                                                              what do you call a racist police officer? a police officer
                                                                    girl on facebook heyy i have not seen u since high school. me. it's been a while. her. yea been married 6 years now : ) me. unfriend
                                                                                                              how do you get everyone in a chemistry department to kill themselves? get them to unionize
                                                                                                       where do you go to weigh a pie? somewhere over the rainbow weigh a pie. (sounds like way up high)
                                                                                                                                   what's black and screams like fuck? stevie wonder answering the iron.
                                                                                                                    forgot that i made a cup of coffee... now mass immigration has caused it to go cold.
                                                                                                                              what did the boy scout do that the jewish boy couldn't come home from camp
                                                            my cornflakes bring all the boys to my yard & theyre like this cereals hard damn right my cereals hard u should add milk so its not so sharp
                                                                            i'm not religious but i'm spiritual, which means i think the mothman prophecy is real and i don't feel bad about shoplifting
                                                                                                   sometimes you have to choose between what is hard and what is easy luckily for you i'm both right now
                                                                                                                                                       what do you call a man that brews beer? a hebrew.
                                                                                                                 what's the difference between a chickpea and a lentil? i've never paid to see a lentil.
                                                                                                                                                       what kind of shoes do pedophiles wear? white vans
                                                            *knocks on door* you're too fat. "wha--" you're way too dumb. "wait--who.." hi, i'm roy. i sell insecurity systems. you're too poor for one.
                                                                 they say playing video games is a waste of time, but i credit tetris for the speed and agility i display when bagging my own groceries.
                                                                              question: what's better, star wars or star trek? answer: knowing what intimacy with another living human being feels like.
                                                                                                                                                  why did jon snow go to the apple store? for the watch.
                                                                  i need a gun to protect me against those that want to harm me, a group mainly made up of people i've threatened with shoot with my gun
                                                                                                                                                         dad, i know i'm adopted hi adopted, im not dad.
                                                                                                                                                    if my dog could talk he'd say "you hang up first..."
                                                                                what's the difference between the us and russian presidents? us presidents get shot while russian presidents take shots.
                                                                                                         i told a catholic girl my penis is named jesus... ...because it always rises on the third date.
                                                                        i just got a text from a number i don't recognize saying, 'you're an embarrassment of a son'. i've narrowed it down to 2 people.
                                                                              last night my wife asked me how many women i have slept with i answered just you honey. i was awake with the rest of them.
                                                                                 me: you know what they say, curiosity killed the cat cat: that's awful why would they say that? me: really? cat: *dies*
                                                                                                                                           what happened in china on christmas? the rice-child was born.
                                                                     adorable idea. colleagues have been writing names on their food in the office fridge. i am currently eating a yoghurt called debbie
                                                                                                                                                          people who quit reddit, what is life like now?
                                                            if you love something, let it go. let it run until it reaches the invisible wall & the shock collar you attached to it's ankle cripples them
                                                                           why are a lot of italians named tony? because as they got on the boat to leave italy, they were stamped on the head, "to ny".
                                                                                                                       why is it best to ship boxes using a ups truck? the downs truck is a little slow.
                                                                                                                                       how does any girl have less than 90 thousand instagram followers?
                                                                                                                                                       where do bees keep their money ? in a honey box !
                                                                my brother wanted me to watch his kid so i spent hours and hours childproofing my house. wouldn't you know it? that fucker still got in.
                                                                                                                                                           jokes about 9/11 shouldn't be allowed to fly.
                                                                                    how stupid of the elevator manufacturers they have buttons for the floor i am already on *i will show myself out now
                                                                       why did vanilla ice steal a can of hair spray? because the label said, "contents under pressure" got this joke from my brother :d
                                                                                              there was a spider in my bathroom so i threw the cat at it. the spider is dead but the cat's pretty pissed
                                                                                                          i'm already getting into the thanksgiving spirit, i've given the bird to lots of people today.
                                                     if goku used his kamehameha at jesus then jesus is doomed, because even if he blocks the kamehameha, it would spill through the holes in his hands.
                                                                                                                                                   dark humor is like getting laid not everyone gets it.
                                                                                                                                    no carl, i said "lick her" not wicker. put the patio furniture away.
                                                                                                                                why did insane clown posse never learn about magnets? they're repulsive!
                                                                  my two year-old has begun shouting "the end!" in a sing-song voice when he wants you to stop talking to him. going to try this myself.
                                                                       bill cosby walks up to a woman in a bar.. and says, "excuse me, would you like to play the rape game?" "no!" "that's the spirit!"
                                                                                                           a jew wakes up with morning wood and runs right into a wall. what does he say? ouch, my nose!
                                                                                                                                        my jokes are so dark whenever i use it it starts picking cotton.
                                                                                                          does pornography degrade women? or does it merely raise the standard by which they are judged?
                                                                                      i met the girl of my dreams, but it turned out she was my cousin... lesson learned: don't flirt at family reunions
                                                                                                            "i don't think you're ready for this jelly." ~ me talking shit to my peanut butter sandwich.
                                                                                                                                  if everyone was like you the human race would lose faith in the world.
                                                                                                              what do monica lewinsky and a vending machine have in common? both say please insert bill.
                                     i saw the expiration date on my condoms they say it takes thousands of years for latex to degrade, but apparently it's been longer than that since i've gotten laid
                                                           cricket q: if you had one cricket ball in one hand and another cricket ball in your other hand, what would you have? a: a bloody big cricket.
                                                                                                      what's black and white and can't go through a revolving door? a nun with a spear through her head.
                                                                                                     my mom's daughter said it looked like my foot was making a copy of itself i told her that's mitosis
                                                                                                                                      oh, you're a fan of the chainsmokers? name 3 chains they've smoked
                                                                                          how many maple leafs does it take to change a tire? only 1, unless it's a blowout then the whole team shows up
                                                                                                                            my penis oh, there must be a mistake... ...this post wasn't flagged as long.
                                                                    im gonna tell my daughter to lay off the liquor, cause i love her! (...and i dont want her to mess up her kidneys before i need one)
                                                                                                                                                      how do muslims like their food served? allah carte
                                                                                                                          the best part about being single is only having to say "i'm sorry" to the dog.
                                                                                                             what is common between a priest and acne? both start cumming on your face when you turn 13.
                                                                                                                this girl said she recognized me from the vegetarian club ..but i'd never met herbivore.
                                                       what's scary, yellow, almost no eyes, has tons of hair, and is constantly threatening to kill me if i don't suck it's dick? my korean girlfriend.
                                                                                                                                                         i have almost 120,000 miles on my office chair.
                                                              scientists have invented a new device called the hyperbole chamber. it is the greatest and best thing ever since the dawn of civilization.
                                                                                   i dreamt i was in a very magical world where people didn't get butthurt over every little f*cking joke. weird huh?!?!
                                                                                                                                                        my face is very symmetrical...over the x-axis :(
                                                                                         how much norris? (tongue twister) how much norris could chuck norris chuck, if chuck norris could chuck norris?
                                                                                                         my goal is just to find someone i can comfortably hate everything with for the rest of my life.
                                                                                                   what's the same about george washington, and a tranny? they both chopped down their own cherry trees.
                                                                                   there is a new machine for testing your sperm count at home maybe i could use it to check my daughter's saliva sample
                                                                                                                                        watched my first porno today... i looked much younger back then.
                                                                              *watching an old lassie show me: how come you can't do those things? dog (mutters): if we had a well i'd push you into it.
                                                                                  i swallowed my nyquil with a 5 hour energy and a latte and now my pet unicorn steve and i are off to bake cheesecakes.
                                                                                                                                                       what do bulimic stone masons do? binge and parge.
                                                                                                   what does a disneyland ride and viagra have in common? you have to wait one hour for a 3 minute ride.
                                                                                                                                             what is the stupidest animal in the jungle? the polar bear.
                                                                                                                                                                          the longest joke ever! my life
                                                                                                                        someone keeps sending me envelopes with cartoon dicks on them. i hate junk mail.
                                                                                      i've had sex with over 80 women... i've also had sex with a few under 80 but they just didn't have the experience.
                                                                                                                                        i was once blind for 5 years it was a very dark time in my life.
                                                                                       hey ladies, if you don't want me staring at your tattoos, maybe you should lock your front door before showering.
                                                                                                             i'd make a great housewife. i'd boil you a chicken every night. i'd boil you so many meats.
                                                                                                                                   "we need to talk" *stop, drops and rolls *army crawls out of the room
                                                                                                                         why does the usa use f? the rest of the world has varying degrees of communism.
                                                                                                                                               an irishman walks out of a bar.... what? it could happen.
                                                                                                           i usually don't tell blondes jokes but when i do i have a 60% more chance to sleep with them.
                                                                                                     i love the way everyone who uses hand sanitizer looks like they're hatching some kind of evil plan.
                                                                                                                                    what do you get when you put resistance on a stove? ohm on the range
                                                                                                                                  what's the united states favorite brand of shortening? san fran crisco
                                                                                                                                                           what do you call a fake spaghetti? an impasta
                                                                                      my girlfriend asked me how i know so much about vaginas i had be honest, i told her i've been into them for years.
                                                                                      hey, parents of an only child considering having one more, know that i just split an m&m in half. an m&m. in half.
                                                                                               here's one i been working on what does a book of stickers and your butt have in common? scratch and sniff
                                         father walks in son's room and catches him masturbating........ father says, "son if you don't stop that you'll go blind." son responds, "dad, i am over here."
            i need a new therapist. after a long session with my therapist describing all my various problems, she asked if i'd ever considered suicide. when i said no, she replied "well, you should."
                         what did you have for breakfast? pea soup q: what did you have for lunch? a: pea soup q: what did you have for dinner? a: pea soup q: what did you do all night? a: pee soup...
                                                                           doctor doctor you've got to help me - i just can't stop my hands shaking do you drink a lot? not really - i spill most of it!
                                                                          [on phone to gf] her: "you never understand me anymore so.." me: "so what?" her: "we're breaking up" me: "i can hear you fine"
                                                                                                                  i believe in respect for the dead; in fact, i could only respect you if you were dead.
                                                                                                                                                            rip evaporated water.... ...you will be mist
                                                                                                                                               why is poop tapered? so your butt hole doesn't slam shut!
                                                                                                                                     drunk me absolutely loves creating awkward encounters for sober me.
                                                                                                      q: what do john the baptist and winnie the pooh have in common? a: they have the same middle name!
                                                                                               i know why hogwarts doesn't have math class. they have a magical device for it. it's called a calculator.
                                                                                                                        why does a dog lick his balls? because he can't curve his paw into a little fist
                                                                                                    now i'm not saying you're old... but if you were milk i'd smell you before pouring you on my cereal.
                                                                                                                                         what did the human call the bee after it stung him? an ass hole
                                                                                                                                                           i really hate being bipolar... ...it's great!
                                                                                                               yo mama's got so many balls lined up ready to score, her nickname is basketball practice.
                                                                                                                                               what does d.n.a. stand for? national dyslexia association
                                                                                                                                            how do you comfort a grammar nazi? there,they're,their . . .
                                                                                                                                                             what do french athletes wear? jaques straps
                                                                                                        two satellite antennas decided to get married the wedding was ok. but the reception was amazing!
                                                                                                           what did the viola say to her daughter before crossing the street? you better c^ or you'll b^
                                                                                                                        i auditioned for a tv show for people with broken bones. i didn't make the cast.
                                                                                                                                                 how do you kill a hipster? drown him in the mainstream.
                                                                                                            my wife called me a "panty dropper." she said to be more careful with the laundry next time.
                                                                   what do 9 volt batteries and butt holes have in common? you know you shouldn't, but one day you're probably going to try licking one.
                                                                                                                            what do you call a dinosaur with a big mouth, big ass and tiny hands? t-rump
                                                                                               the tree and the wind. what does a tree say after it gets knocked over by the wind? i went out on a limb.
                                                                                                                                                                                  the u.s. if trump wins
                                                                                                          the name corey is short for coriander. coreys will try & tell you it's not but they are lying.
                                                          q: what do electric trains and breasts have in common? a: they're intended for children but it's the men who usually end up playing with them.
                                                                                                                                                what's a pedophile's favorite pair of shoes? white vans.
                                                                                                                                                     why is 6 afraid of 7 7 is a registered six offender
                                                                                                 went to a temporary tatoo parlor it wouldn't wash off so i went back to complain but the shop was gone.
                                                                                                                                   i saw a documentary about how ships are held together it was riveting
                                                            girl nearby: i'm breaking up with you, kevin. you don't talk about pokemon enough. [i sit up straight and frantically try smoothing my hair]
                                                                                                                              why did the scientist get punched in the restaurant? he ordered some nacl.
                                                                                                                       [oc] i've got a broken yo-yo for sale. anyone want to buy it? no strings attached
                                                                                                                                                  i saw three sapiens washing each the other day no homo
                                                                                                                               i tried to give myself a sex change operation but i couldn't pull it off.
                                                                                                                                         i can't wait to try alton towers newest ride the air ambulance.
                                                                                                                                     chuck norris' first job was as a paperboy. there were no survivors.
                                                                           raise the roof! the roof is on fire! hit the club! bust those moves! burning the dance floor! - rl partying sounds so violent
                                                                                                       (6-year old brother gave me this one) why do farts smell? so that deaf people can enjoy them too!
                                                                                                                                         colorado changed the name of christmas to juana. "merry juana!"
                                                                                                                                  i'm not lazy i chose to use my creative genius on mastering efficiency
                                                                                                                      i just flew in and boy are my arms tired from jacking off on the plane a whole lot
                                                                                                                      a lot of women can turn into good drivers. now that being transgender isn't taboo.
                                                                                                                                  at first i didn't like my beard.. but now it's starting to grow on me.
                                                                                                                                                   what do you call a lesbian dinosaur? licksalottapuss.
                                                                                                                                                    you know what i like to do? answer my own questions.
                                                                                                                                      chuck norris has to use a stunt double when he does crying scenes.
                                                                                                   why did the ambassador have extra resistance to harmful foreign bacteria? he had diplomatic immunity.
                                                                                                                                      what kind of asian dish takes away your freedoms? kung pao chicken
                                                                                                                                             what's the definition of confusion? fathers day in detroit.
                                                                                                          how many light bulbs does it take to change a person? none. light bulbs don't change anything.
                                                                                                                                               what does the chicken says to the other chicken? nothing.
                                                                                                                                    i'm just a regular guy, putting on my capri pants 3/4 leg at a time.
                                                                                                           what does a carpenter do after one night stand? a matching one for the other side of the bed.
                                                                                                                    romantic first date idea: get too nervous beforehand and drive your car into a river
                                                                                                                                         why is outer space so cold? all the space heaters are on earth!
                                                                                                                                      this joke made me shit myself just a bit of self-defecating humor.
                                                                            sodium sodium sodium sodium sodium sodium sodium sodium sodium sodium sodium sodium sodium sodium sodium sodium **batman! **
                                                                                                                                                       what do you call an overweight mexican? a maxican
                                                                  did you hear that tom cruise is hiring rebecca de mornay for the weekend to help him make cat food? yep, it'll be "friskies" business!
                                                                                                                                 what did the pirate say to the wench before sex? prepare to be boarded.
                                                                i like to stop at the ups store late at night and leave little notes on their door letting them know i stopped by but they weren't open.
                                                                                               what do ping pong players and my dominatrix have in common? they both like to paddle little, white balls.
                                                                                                                                                  what do you call a black man on the moon? an afronaut.
                                                             *trains lightning bugs to spell* karen, they have a message for u will you m- "omg yes!" ove out? oh good. here i packed your bags already.
                                                                                                                   what do you call a shop that sells aquatic vessels? a boat-ique. ...i'll get my coat.
                                                                                                                            the iphone 6s+ has been doing really well so far... it seems to be a huge 6s
                                                                                                                                           what is a sure way to pleasure 9 out of 10 people? gang rape.
                                                                                                      if they made a movie of my life it would be a lot of me looking for something to wipe my hands on.
                                                                            a bathroom scale that when you stand on it just says "your body is but a point in space; your life, a differential of time."
                                                              webmd says pregnancy symptoms are fatigue, tender breasts, irritability, cravings, and headaches. all chicks are pregnant. all. the. time.
                      doctor and patient. doctor: "i'm sorry but you suffer from a terminal illness and have only 10 to live." patient: "what do you mean, 10? 10 what? months? weeks?!" doctor: "nine."
                                                          albert bandura can anyone tell me the joke about bandura with a chicken and the egg. something about realizing that the environment came first
                                                                         what did the one ocean say to the other ocean? nothing they just waved! did you sea what i did there? i'm shore you did, beach.
                                                               [1st date] [to self] don't let her know ur a boa constrictor her: "how's your meal?" [i've dislocated my jaw & swallowed the whole table]
                                                                                                                                      a zombie boyfriend will love you for your brain and not your body.
                                                                                                                                     what do you call a group of rioters attacking a music store? luters
                                                                                                            what happens to a laffy taffy joke in the rain? it makes me laugh a little bit, in the rain.
                                                                                                                             my cousin's shoe store burned down yesterday there were so many lost soles.
                                                                                                             why do we call it politics? because poly means many and ticks mean blood-sucking parasites.
                                                                                                             lpt: a lot of people cry when they chop onions, the trick is not to form an emotional bond.
                                                               i have a friend whose thighs don't touch..i was jealous until a breeze came up..it sounded like a turbo fan in wind tunnel. small favors.
                                                                                                                                                             if you happy and you know it thank your ex!
                                                                                                                                    q: what do you call cattle with a sense of humor? a: laughing stock.
                                                                                                                  my wife said i should compliment her features more often... ... so i slashed her face.
                                                                                                        i would tell all of you my favorite chemistry joke... ...but i don't expect to get any reaction.
                                                                                                    a problemic polemic q: why did the woman cross the road? a: who knows why the heck they do anything?
                                                                                              what did the stuttering mexican say to his friend when he tried to steal his food? these are nacho-nachos.
                                                                                                                                            what do you call a mexican that jerks off a lot. fappi-chino
                                                                                                                                                                  what's a nice guy's fave drink? m'mosa
                                                                                                                           what is the difference between racism and the chinese? racism has many faces.
                                                                                                                       what is the difference between three dicks and a joke? your mom can't take a joke
                                                                                                                                                     what's the middle east's favorite candy? yemenheads
                                                                                                                              what do you call it when the new us president waves his hand? a microwave.
                                                                                              i pulled a disabled girl in the pub last night... ...the handle on her wheelchair was caught in my jacket.
                                                              american: i was just at a shotgun wedding me: how far pregnant was the bride? american: you english are insane shotguns can't get pregnant
                                                                                                what do you say to someone who just uttered a tired, old reddit catch-phrase? "i see what you did there"
                                                                                     i can't understand the critics  saying that only an idiot would like that television program. i really  enjoyed it.
                                                                                                                                                               "what's green and eats nuts?" "syphilis!"
                                                                how many country stars does it take to change a light bulb? six-1 to change the bulb and 5 to sing about how much they miss the old one.
                                                                                                                         attention walmart shoppers - there is someone dressed appropriately in aisle 12
                                                                                                                      a zen master once said to me, do the opposite of whatever i tell you.' so i didn't
                                                                                                                what happened to lady godiva's horse when he saw she had no clothes on? it made him shy!
                                                                                                            why the letter "g" is scary????? in one fine evening it can turn your host into . . . ghost.
                                                                                                                        "if you don't have anything nice to say, say as much as you can." - the internet
                                                                                                              what do you get when you mix a fly, a snake head, and mickey mouse? the hell out of there.
                                                                                              what's the difference between a mcdonald's and anal? mcdonald's makes your day, anal makes your hole weak.
                                                                              one time i swallowed an entire box of alphabits whole and the only thing i pooped out was the lyrics to a nicki minaj song
                                                                                                                              what is jared fogle's favorite meat in his subway subs? 9 year old weiners
                                                                                     i just flew back from japan, and boy are my arms tired. i was masturbating to all the hentai i bought on the plane.
                                                                                                          what do hitler and teenage girls have in common? they both use chemicals to remove the polish.
                                                                                                                                              whats blue and bangs old ladies? me in my lucky blue coat.
                                                                                                                                                                            *pokes sex life with a stick
                                                   there once was a man named dave. he kept a dead whore in a cave. he said "what the hell, you get used to the smell, and think of the money you save!"
                                                                  a new study says schizophrenia and pot smoking are genetically linked  but don't worry, another study says you're just being paranoid.
                                                                                                           do you wanna get raped? person: no me: well that's why its called rape not sexual intercourse
                                              how many light bulbs did it take to screw a human? none, there not too bright with doing anything except showing us where to go when were lost in the dark
                                                                                                  i really hate my partners calling me the wrong name during sex. my name is not "help" or "get off me".
                                                                                                                                                             why can't a t-rex clap because it's extinct
                                       an american soldier talks with a russian soldier a-we get the equivalent of 3000 calories per day. r-impossible! no man can eat 60 pounds of potatoes in one day!
                                                                                        what's a pirate's least favorite letter? dear sir, we are writing to you because you have violated copyright ...
                                                                                                                                          what did the strawberry say on december 25th? berry christmas!
                                                                                                                                       what would you call a 100 year old can of baked beans? has-beens.
                                                                                                                                 today i was given a box of jamaican hair extensions.... it was dreadful
                                                                                                                                               what type of meat do catholic priests eat on friday? nun.
                                                                                                             my wife was dead and rotting for a week... ..and i thought she was just having her periods.
                                                                                                                                                         i like my science like i like my penises: hard.
                                                                                                                                              what's adolf hitler's favourite computer game? mein kraft.
                                                                                                                                                    what do you call a gay herbal doctor? a homeosexual.
                                                               an entire generation does not know what the hell is happening when a movie pans over to a wall calendar and the pages magically fly away.
                                                                                              knock knock... a: knock, knock! b: who's there? a: the interrupting cow. b: the interrupt-- a: moooooooo!!
                                                                                   new year's resolution- date more models... edit: date more edit: date again last edit: stop crying while masturbating
                                                                            why do women make such horrible capenters? because for years men have telling them that |----------------| is 8 inches long.
                                                                                                                                                         what do termites put on their toast? door jamb.
                                                                                                                                  q: why do men like blonde jokes?? a: because they can understand them.
                                                                                                                                                           how did hitler tie his shoes? in little nazis
                                                                                                                                 why don't u2's lawyers ever make any money? all their work is pro bono.
                                                                                                                                              what does a chef call an undercover cop? pig in a blanket.
                                                                                                                  funny how 8 glasses of water a day seems impossible, but 8 beers a day seems necessary
                                                                                                   what do you call it when a video game character gets hair on his body? q*berty. (my kids wrote this!)
                                                            if u want to sound smart just make up coding languages. like "yeah i know deltacube, 17v and amorph," literally nobody will know theyre fake
                                                                 if you broke up with your gf who works at a salad bar you can use the line "lettuce romaine friends" at a low cost of my student loans.
                                                                                                                        damn girl, did you just get in a water balloon fight or are you happy to see me?
                                                                             if guys were smart they would forget the nightclubs and watch the supermarket for girls buying frozen dinners and cat food.
                                                                                                    most black 15-year-olds are decent law-abiding citizens. it's their kids that cause all the trouble.
                                                                                                                                        what do you call the line at a vietnamese restaurant? pho queue!
                                                                                                                                                what idiot called it a contraction and not a birthquake?
                                                                                                                                                       what is bruce lee's beverage of choice? wataaaaar
                                                                                                                                     i'd tell you a chemistry joke but i know i wouldn't get a reaction.
                                                                                               when i'm about to get in bed, i turn my light off and then run and jump into bed so that nothing gets me.
                                                                                                                                                           just found out my wife is a dolphin in a wig.
                                                                                         if you ever really want someone to call back, leave them a message saying, "i've got tickets to..." and hang up
                                                                                                                        you look like the type of person who would try to write a check for a drug deal.
                                                                                                                                                            what has a bottom at its top? my life ( ._.)
                                                                                                                               they call me the pussy destroyer. i run the best asian restaurant around.
                                                                                                                                    miss france just won miss universe the french finally won something.
                                                                                            what did cinderella say when she got to the ball? (gag noise) **note: this joke is better when read aloud.**
                                                                                            i consider each one of my friends a gift. now if only i could remember where i put some of those receipts...
                                                                                                                                            cutting out gluten is a great way to lose weight and friends
                                                                                                                                                          how did the elephant get out of the river? wet
                                                                        as a straight male, there has always been something about the gay community that blows my mind. they give the best fucking head!
                                                                                                                   mexico replaced america as the world's fattest country because we sent them all home.
                                                                                                                        i got a ouija board tattooed on my back to trick ghosts into giving me massages.
                                                                                                                   90% of the men who cheat and get caught give bad name to the rest 10% who only cheat.
                                                                                            how to not get scolded by your parents if you want gta v? mom! i want to play gta v! giant turtles attack v!
                                                                                                  i guess hookers are getting into the holiday spirit. i seen one today advertising pumpkin spice pussy.
                                                                                                              why do porn stars make terrible boxers? because they don't know how to make a proper fist.
                                                                                             like captain ahab, i have my own white whale. but i have no one else to blame, i'm the one who married her.
                                                                                                                                 what do you call a woman who is paralysed from the waist down? married.
                                                                      50 shades of grey is also the title of the 101 dalmatians alternate ending where cruella wins and makes a coat out of the puppies.
                                                                                                                     racism test- what do you call a black guy who flies an airplane? a pilot of course.
                                                        court decision: "i hereby find you guilty of clickbait, and sentence you to death by electric chair...... ....what happens next will shock you."
                                                                                                                     you want people to leave you alone? carry a clip board and try to make eye contact.
                                                                                                                     what do you do if a cow is in the middle of the road you're driving on? steer clear
                                                            doctor: you seem to be in excellent health. your pulse is as regular as clockwork. patient: that's because you've got your hand on my watch!
                                                                                                              i quit drugs, and it made everyone happy. except for my lamp. it won't talk to me anymore.
                                                                                                                                      why was aron ralston arrested by the fbi? for giving arms to iraq.
                                                                                        i think i'm spending too much time around my gf's family. i mean, her husband's going to notice sooner or later.
                                                                                                                        what do you call a vulcan philosopher who only responds in questions? spocrates.
                                                                                                                     *follows around a family of ducks in the park while playing sandstorm on a boombox*
                                                                                                                                 my friend was harassing me with bird puns but toucan play at that game.
                                                                                                             what is the similarity between a black man and a bike? they both only work with a chain on.
                                                                                                                                       my perennial favourites always seem to come back year after year.
                                                                                                                                    what's black and loves to destroy baltimore? the pittsburgh steelers
                                                                                         9 years ago i asked the girl of my dreams out on a date. today i asked her to marry me. she said no both times.
                                                                                                                                                 ... you are so stupid that you got hit by a parked car!
                                                                                                                                happy poops are all alike; every unhappy poop is unhappy in its own way.
                                                                                                                                       damn girl are you a reddit trend? because i just want to fit in..
                                                                                  what did the sea-world trainer's friend say to him after he spilled water on his friends lap? you did that on porpoise
                                                                           did you hear about the baby that was born with three knees? he was born with a left knee, a right knee, and a little wee-knee
                                                                          did you hear about the two peanuts that got lost in the bad neighborhood last night? one was assulated, the other was shelled.
                                                            what if texting broke for a month society would be like uhhhhhjjjjjjhhhhhhhhhhh "hello may i please speak to so and so" all nervous and shit
                                                                                                                        how many kids with add does it take to screw in a lightbulb? wanna ride bikes?!?
                                                                                                                      hillary clinton is in the hospital... she is being treated for third degree berns.
                                                2 sheep are standing in a meadow... one turns to the other and says "baaa-aaa-aaa-aaaa". the other looks at him and says "...i was just gonna say that."
                                                                                                                                         what do you call a mexican drowning in mayonise sin-co-dye-mayo
                                                                                                                               have you heard about the new broom they invented? its sweeping the nation
                                                                                             ex-prime minister margaret thatcher has died following a stroke but why she was following it, nobody knows.
                                                                                                                                            helen keler walked into a bar then a table.....then a chair.
                                                                                                                      which course did hillary clinton select when playing mario kart? the short circuit
                                                                                                                                                    will glass coffins be a success? remains to be seen.
                                                            one time i called my teacher "mom" and she looked so confused and said "i'm not your mom." it made the rest of homeschooling really awkward.
                                                                                                                  someone told me my math skills were average. i replied that they were just being mean.
                                                                                                                                                       my house looks like i'm losing a game of jumanji.
                                                                                                                                           what does an optimist call the world trade center? san diego.
                                                                                                                                                         a man with a gun shot his keyboard it typed pow
                                                                                                    my neighbors son asked me to explain women to him. so i bought him an xbox game for his playstation.
                                                                                                  i bet aliens would visit us more if will smith didn't punch them in the head as soon as they got here.
                                                                                                                                                   what's black, and breaks into houses? a wrecking ball
                                                                                                                                                        the shortest joke in the world 'dwarf shortages'
                                                                                                                                         recently found out my toaster was not waterproof i was shocked.
                                                                                               parole officer: come in and take a seat [me, finishing a jail term for stealing chairs] *starts sweating*
                                                             robber 1: *puts ski mask on head* you grab the money while i kiss all the bankers robber 2: huh? robber 1: uh i meant kill *hides lipstick*
                                                                                                why don't the mexicans have an olympics team? because anybody who can run jump or swim is in the states.
                                                                                                             q: why did the pacifist /b/tard try to calm everyone down? **a:** he did it for the *lullz*
                                                                                                                                     why was the liquor trader arrested? because he was in cider trading
                                                                                                                         her: your c**k is small me: an rv is big until you park it in the grand canyon.
                                                                                                                              what did the cannibal do after he dumped his girlfriend?.....wiped his ass
                                                                                           there are some problems in life that can be solved with chocolate....others require a full clip and a shovel.
                                                                                     a gay guy punched me the other day for no reason. why? because gay guys are fucking assholes. i'll show myself out.
                                                                                                             my cat is my date and we got asked to leave the olive garden. probably because she's black.
                                                                                                                                why are orphans so bad at poker...? they don't know what a full house is
                                                            sir im sorry i rear ended you but i was focused on not accidentally eating a purple jelly bean and you're handling this really insensitively
                                                                                                   i was going to come on here and make a trump/hitler/jew joke but then it was loxed by the moderators.
                                                                                                                                     i love the word frequently... i try to use it as often as possible.
                                                                                                                                           i've never fucked a poofter, but i've fucked a bloke who has.
                                                                                                         results are in: a lot of people took the "never change" yearbook inscription way too seriously.
                                                                                                                        why do nice guys always finish last? because their girlfriends always cum first.
                                                                                                                                     baby, i wish i were dna helicase... ...so i could unzip your genes.
                                                                                                               what do you call a rude criminal walking down the stairs? a condescending con descending.
                                                                           when your girlfriend says "i love you" reply with "i love you more!" because relationships are competitions that must be won.
                                                   i met a famous american comedian on a white house tour i walked up to him, tapped him on the shoulder and said, "hey, i thought you retired in 2009?"
                                                            all units be on the lookout, suspect is armed with hunky shoulders, soft eyes and dreamboat hair. i don't even remember what he did anymore.
                                                                                                                                     what do you do if your girlfriend is choking ? back up a few inches
                                                                                                during exams, students look up for inspiration, down in desperation, and left and right for information.
                                                                                                    even if you're single, always blame a declined credit card on your fictional spouse at the register.
                                                                                                                       i told my girlfriend that i am over my ex... i don't have to feel guilty anymore.
                                                                                                                                         what do you call a fish with no eye? (x-post: /r/badjokes) fsh.
                                                                                                                                  what do you call a group of crows dressed as geese? a murder most fowl
                                                                i want a romantic comedy trailer that starts, "ben was looking for love in all the wrong places," and then shows ben digging up a grave.
                                                i sat next to the duchess at tea... it was just as i thought it would be: her rumblings abdominal were simply phenomenal and everyone thought it was me.
                                                                                     my wife heard it's seductive to bite her lip... i don't have the heart to tell her it's meant to be the bottom one.
                                                                                                        how do you embarrass an archaeologist? give him a used tampon and ask which period it came from.
                                                                                                                                                  i bought a metal detector. beach better have my money.
                                                                              trees are allergic to bees.. ..when bees get too close, [they break out in hives.] (/spoiler) original joke! edit: grammar
                                                               *in church 9: [whispers] why do we have to keep sitting & standing and sitting & standing... me: [whispers] so we don't fall asleep 9: oh
                                                                                                                                                           what's brown &amp; rhymes with snoop? dr. dre
                                                                     this new digital camera says the shutter speed is so fast you can photograph a hummingbird's wings, or a woman with her mouth shut.
                                                                                                   you like i can't believe it's not butter?! then you'll love aunt jemima's new "you butter recognize!"
                                                                                                  life is like a box of chocolabtes.. if sombody loves u, they wil share their box of chocolabtes with u
                                                                                                                           i told my canadian friend that i ran zero miles today... she said that was 0k
                                                                                                                                                           what do you call chinese jewelry? bling blong
                                                                                                                                      why did jon snow become a spokesman for rolex? for the time piece.
                                                                                                    instagram is down. i repeat. instagram is down. hold the duckfaces. hold the meals. hold everything.
                                                                                             i'm surprised the pope didn't tweet from an android, considering humanity and god's experience with apples.
                                                                                                                why did the irishman put 239 beans in the soup pot? because any more would be too farty.
                                                                                                                                   what does a clock do when it's hungry? it goes back **four seconds**!
                                                            mumford & sons! it's your cousin, marvin. marvin & sons. you know that new sound you're looking for? *holds phone to a boiling pot of water*
                                                                                                             so a three legged dog walks into a bar and says, "i'm lookin for the man that shot my paw."
                                                                 "my ex is amazing in all ways. my ex is smarter, more successful, and more attractive than i am." - bumper sticker i put on my ex's car
                                                                                                        i think that, in the space race, the u.s.s.r. got to mars first. because mars is the red planet.
                                                                                    "his arms are spaghetti, his feet are spaghetti, on stage he's spaghetti, his mom's spaghetti." - eminem first draft
                                                                                                                                     why can't black people steal from jews on yom kippur? nsfw dey fast
                                                                                                                                                teenagers are so cute when they think you won't hit them
                                                                                      1970s: "hey baby" 1990s: "hey babe" 2014: "hey bae" 2020: "hey b" 2030: "all hail our glorious squirrel overlords"
           how does an ant put on a tie? with a considerable deal of practice and skill and the correct combination of knots in the tie so it can properly be secured on the neck. it's an ant-tie joke.
    ama request: kim davis. i would like to hear her answer this question, for she seems uniquely qualified to do so: if a man and woman from kentucky get a divorce, are they still brother and sister?
                                                                                                                     what do you call an anorexic with a yeast infection? a quarter-pounder with cheese.
                                                                                                                                                                              feminism is a broad issue.
                                                                                                                                      knock knock. who's there? app app who? welcome to the quickee mart
                                                                                                                                                          milk is probably my favorite titty by-product.
                                                                                                                                         what's a pirates favorite letter? "argh..." "no, it be the sea"
                                                                                                                                       one group of people still can't get married in the us ugly people
                                                                                                    an englishman, a welshman and a scotsman walk into a pub... "i'm off" says the scotsman, and leaves.
                                                                                                                                                what is a pedophile's favorite type of shoes? white vans
                                                                               "it helps knowing that everyone else will die with me if we crash." ~my 11yo on why she's not afraid to fly unaccompanied
                                                                                                                                          what's your favorite city in thailand? phuket, i don't know...
                                                                                                          omg! there's a serial killer on the loose! "omg." wtf are you doing?! "hiding my damn cereal!"
            in bed with my japanese girlfriend when i happened to remark that her twat was getting a bit saggy .......... she lost it and said " fack you maddafacka, why you always clittysizing me"!!!
                                                                                                                                                        why can't t-rexes clap? because they're extinct.
                                                                  no, psa, buzzed driving isn't drunk driving. buzzed driving gets me home 51 weekends a year, drunk driving gets me home w/a fat chick.
                                                                                             did you hear about the blood drive organizer from portland who died in a car crash? he was an oregon donor.
                                                                                          words i thought i would never have to yell from the kitchen into the living room: "don't give the cat scotch!"
                 married life - honey, are you jealous? - nope! - admit it, you're jealous! - i told you, i am not! - then give me a kiss! - go kiss that ugly-ass whore who liked your facebook status!
                                                                                                                                   what do you get if you stick ur finger up a moderators ass? [deleted]
                                                        what do you get when you mix the twelve days of christmas with ninety-nine bottles of beer on the wall? a year in prison if there's any justice.
                                                                                                                                               why doesn't the melon get married? because it cantaloupe.
                                                                                                                                                         so what did the reddit admins said to the mods?
                                                                                                         a soldier was assaulted with pepper spray and mustard gas. he returned home a seasoned veteran.
                                                                                                                                               what do you call an italian man with a rubber toe roberto
                                                                                                                                  my dad's the real winner of this election... he passed away last week.
                                                                                i've just set up a brothel at sea for horny sailors... business is generally good, but clients tend come in large waves.
                                                                                                                          why don't blind people bungee jump? 'cause it scares the fuck out of the dogs.
                                                               [first date] girl: when you said "fitness freak" in your profile, this isn't what i expected half-man/half-treadmill: it was an old photo
                                                                                                                                                        how do you make a redditor impatient? loading...
                                                                                        what's the difference between a catholic priest and acne. acne waits until you're thirteen to come on your face.
                                                                                                           starbucks really isn't that expensive when compared to what victoria's secret charges per cup
                                                                                          with the recent events in the news... my facebook friends list is starting to look like the french revolution.
 a horse walks into a bar... ...and the bartender says "heeeeyeyeyeyey, why the looooong face?" and the horse replies "because the guy telling the joke that i'm starring in has bad...comic...*timin...
                                                             *voluntarily spends hours on the internet daily* neato *friend sends 5-min video to watch* do i look like im made of free time or something
                                                                                                                                            does caitlyn even have a vagina? "no, she has a *vajenner.*"
                                                                                                                                               what do you do if you see a space man? park your car man.
                                                                                                                                       when the victoria's secret fashion show comes on the tv. so do i.
                                                                                                                                roses are red, violets are blue, i'm schizophrenic..... ... and so am i.
                                                                                                                                        what do you call an alligator that wears a vest? an investigator
                                                                                          wife: what did you get me for mother's day? 3-year-old: a cake. wife: where is it? 3: you haven't made it yet.
                                                                                                                                          why were the indians here first? because they had reservations
                                                                                                                                                 what do mexicans use to cut their pizza? little ceasars
                                                                                                                                              what did victoria say to vancouver? i'll bc-ing you later.
                                                                                                              did hear about the explosion at the kosher bread factory in berlin? it was a challahcaust.
                                                                                                                                     thinking of calling crepes "frenchiladas" from now on who's with me
                     happiness won't just walk into your life on its own. but neither will unhappiness. so if you don't want trouble in your life... then you'd best stay still and never move a muscle.
                                                                                                  if you're drunk, you're 3 sheets to the wind... ...if you're stoned, are you three papers to the wind?
                                                                                                                                              why don't biology and physics get on? they lack chemistry.
                                                                               don't hate robert altman's 1992 satirical comedy "the player" hate david fincher's 1997 psychological thriller "the game"
                                                                                                                                windows - the only operating system that is compatible with all viruses.
                                                                                                                                                                   what would bears be without bees ears
                                                                                                                                                                     everyone is entitled to my opinion.
                                                              research shows vacuum cleaners can cause hearing loss. "you should absolutely get rid of that monster," said one furry, panting scientist.
                                                            gf: i'm sick of communicating via walkie talkies. i think we should breakup me: we should breakup what? over gf: its over me: its what? over
                            mary arrived home from school covered in spots. 'whatever's the matter ?' asked her mother. 'i don't know' replied mary 'but the teacher thinks i may have caught decimals.'
                                                                                                                             grammar: the difference between feeling you're nuts, and feeling your nuts.
                                                                                              my wife and i couldn't decide on which psychic to go and see... but we were able to come to a happy medium
                                                                                                                                                                 my mind is made up... i'm frankenstein.
                                                                             i like how twizzlers has the balls to put a flavor description on the package. "strawberry"? suck my ass. more like "tire".
                                                                                                                                             internet went down last night my neighbour added a password
                                                                                                                                        what do you call a cow that's recently given birth? decaffinated
                                                                                                                                                                 why was 6 afraid of 7? flat out racism.
                                                                                           why do teenage girls only hang out in odd numbered groups? because they literally cannot even right now, ugh!
                                                                                                             every video my wife has taken with her phone has me in it saying, "are you taking a video?"
                                                                                                                                             why do muslims love classical music? it has lots of violins
                                                                                                                                                                                          your love life
                                                                                                                   heading to the dentist. i hope they've all taken their valium and said their prayers.
                                                                                                                                             where do you send jewish kids with adhd? concentration camp
                                                                                                         i'm starting a fight club... first rule is tell everyone you know because i have no members yet
                                                                                           did you hear about the guy who accidentally took a ride on a dolphin? he's not sure if he did it on porpoise.
                                                                                                                                        how do you know a moth is gay? its balls are deep in the closet.
                                                                                                                 what do a black person and a bike have in common? they both don't work without a chain.
                                                                                                    is there anything less intimidating than a cop on a bicycle? wobble on, agent of justice, wobble on.
                                                                        if you are having anxiety over something you've said or done, just remember that 90% of the world only cares what you look like.
                                                                                                                     a hot girl texted me "come over, no one's home" so i went over... and no one's home
                                                                                                                                       where is the best place to buy chicken broth? at the stock market
                                                                                                                           i can count on one hand the number of times i've visited chernobyl... it's 14
                                                                                                                     how much rest does a bad sheppard get? not a ton, he has a lot of sheepless nights.
                                                                                                                                         so what goes around comes around eh? try saying that to my belt
                                                                                          trump will do the work of two men when elected... key &amp; peel. thanks ronnie corbett may you rest in piece.
                                                                                                                                                            should i take something for my kleptomania??
                                                                                                                           what do you call a man that states the obvious? a man that states the obvious
                                                                                                                                    how do you circumcise luke skywalker? kick princess leia in the jaw.
                                                 i think that laziest animals must be the animals in the seas. there is sawshark, hammerheadshark, electric eel. still not a single one house completed.
                                                                                                    sex with two is a twosome, sex with three is a threesome. why do you think guys are called handsome?
                                                                    alzheimer's doctor: i'm sorry to inform you that you have cancer and alzheimer's disease. geezer: well at least i don't have cancer.
                                                                                                                                                      what language do british wrenches speech? spanish!
                                                                                                                          i once raised a roof, and now that he's all grown up he never writes or calls.
                                                                                               i used to do drugs. i still do, but i used to, too! hey reddit! what is your favorite mitch hedburg joke?
                                                                                                                      what is the difference between a wife's argument and a knife? a knife has a point.
                                                                  god: noah. noah: yes lord? god: where are the land sharks, flying spiders and the jumping snakes? noah: oh nooooo, did i forget those?
                                                                   my husband hasn't forgiven me for answering 'okie dokie artichokie' instead of utilizing the more socially acceptable phrase, "i do."
                                                                                                        i'm 72 minutes in trying to reverse whatever my 3 y/o nephew did in one second to the tv remote.
                                                                                                            what is someone doing when they are disposing of diseased radishes? dropping some ill beets.
                                                                                                              what's 7 inches long and hasn't been sucked in over 4 years? whitney houston's crack pipe.
                                                                                                         women call me ugly until they find out how much money i make... then they don't call me at all.
                                                                                     i was having sex with my sister in alabama... she said: "you fuck like dad does!" i said: "i know, mom told me so."
                                                                                                  it may seem like i have my shit together, but honestly i just learned how to spell february correctly.
                                                                                                                         why did hitler buy the car when it went on sale? because he liked the holocost.
                                                                                                                          what's the first thing a redneck buys when going to a family reunion? condoms.
                                                                     they asked a 100year old grandpa why were all the women still crazy about him? grandpa said nothing! just gently licked his eyebrow
                                   mozart, beethoven, and schwarzenegger are getting ready to throw a halloween party. mozart turns to arnie and asks, "what's your costume going to be?" "i'll be bach"
                                                                  my girlfriend told me that it was either her or my meatloaf discography. i told her i would do anything for love, but i can't do that.
                                                                                                 eventually we'll all just have one app on our phones that electrocutes you when you stop looking at it.
                                                                                                                                                           how fast do lesbians have sex? lickety-split.
                                                 my girlfriend said she'll leave me if i don't stop talking about star wars. i said "please don't leave me, yoda one for me." in other news, i'm single.
                                                                                                                  i needed a password 8 characters long .. .. so i used snow white and the seven dwarves
                                                                                                               i got arrested for killing a black man. i was charged for impersonating a police officer.
                                                                                               every time i get a birthday card with money in it, i pretend not to notice the money and "read" the card.
                                                                                                                                        what do you call a child molesting know-it-all? a wikipediaphile
                                                                                                     i bought an extension ladder from a recovering alcoholic on craigslist... but it only has 12 steps!
                                                                                                                                              knock knock who's there? to to who it's actually "to whom"
                                                                                                                               what is not allowed in the ring, but boxers do every night? hit the sack.
                                                                                                              i majored in politics, computer science, and dance. now i'm stuck writing al gore rhythms.
                                                                                                                           what did the bra say to the hat? you go on ahead, i'll give these two a lift.
                      a guy walks down an american street. he sees a policeman and wave. later the same day the police explain to the press: ''it was self-defence, he had a gun in his hand somewhere''
                                                                                                                   hey girl are you my golf clubs? because i tottaly forgot to take you out of my trunk.
                                                               why should you attend someone's funeral although you know they won't be attend yours back? because they will be at your funeral in spirit
                                                                                                                        every time i tell people i want to be a comedian they laugh. see, im that good!!
                                                                                                                                        the older i get, the more i think i owe my parents an apology...
                                                                                                                                                           what do you call a pile of cats? a meowntain.
                                                                                                what's the difference between a drug dealer and a hooker? a hooker can wash her crack and sell it again.
                                                                      why did the girl gorilla engaged to the invisible man call off the wedding? because in the last analysis she just couldn't see it!
                                                                                                                                                    those that forget the pasta are doomed to reheat it.
                                                                                              getting shit done. was my response when my boss ask me what i'm doing. and now i'm sitting outside of h.r.
                                                                                                                             what is a nuclear physicist's favorite genesis song? "land of cold-fusion".
                                                                                                                     i couldn't figure out how the hammer and nails worked... so i just said "screw it."
                                                                         my daughter called me "lame." let's see how "lame" she thinks i am when i pick her and her friends up from the movies in a boat
                                                                                               what do you get when you cross a poodle with an elephant? a dead poodle with an asshole of diameter 40cm.
                                                                                                                                 why is europe like a frying pan?? they both have greece at the bottom!!
                               i can't cook. my strategy for operating the oven is basically the same as my strategy for sex i do my best to turn it on, then i stick my stuff in and hope for the best.
                                                                                          excuse, where is the opposite sidewalk? right there (points). -can't be, right there they told me it was here.
    at a bathroom line. ''can i go before you? i really need to number two'' ''no, i was here before you and i need to go as well''. ''i swear i need to go more than you''. ''you're so full of shit''.
                                                                                                         my wife said "i bet you can't go a whole day without telling a period joke."i said "you're on."
                                                                     "do not wake her up! it took me thirty minutes to get her to shut up and go to sleep." -conversation i just had about a damn furby.
                                                                                                                                              why is taking spanish 2 so awesome? you get a lot of puse.
                                                                                      i'm sexually attracted to one of my students i knew that becoming a primary school teacher was a bad career choice
                                                                                                                                what do you get when you cross a gay man and a jew? a hit broadway show!
                                                                                                                                      if apple designed a house, what would they not install? windows...
                                                                                                                                     if you wear a radioactive belt... ...you end up with nuclear waist.
                                                         dad said he met my stepmom outside a strip club... "but dad, you said you met her on a golf course!" "exactly. we weren't inside a strip club."
                                                                                      so i hear lil wayne is in critical condition. i think it has to do with his lungs... he's always been a lil weezy.
                                                                                                                                                    where did the king keep his armies? in his sleevies.
                                                                   at his funeral. i lay my hand on your shoulder. i apply pressure, gently, in an attempt to move you from in front of the snack table.
                                                                        glassware has emotions. proof: i sometimes reach to the back of the cabinet because i feel bad for the glasses that i never use.
                                                                                                               if "the word impossible is not in your vocabulary", you have a pretty limited vocabulary.
                                                                                                                               just been on a 'once in a lifetime holiday'... ...never again. [/timvine]
                                                                                                         in 20 years i will publish a book titled 'the complete list of the boyfriends of taylor swift'.
                                                                                                                       did i ever tell you about how i lost my job at tropicana? i couldn't concentrate.
                                                                                                                       just hired a dirtying lady. about to watch her and my cleaning lady fight it out.
                                                                                                                                                 what do you call a lion with a fancy hat? a dandy lion.
                                                                                                                     what did the giraffe say to the conspiracy theorist? nothing, giraffes aren't real.
                                                                        they say dad's a transvestite. -mommy, mommy! the kids in school say that dad's a transvestite! -son, your mom's in the kitchen.
                                                                                                                                                      archeologist: someone whose carreer lies in ruins.
                                                                                                    why does michael j. fox make the best milkshakes? because he uses the finest ingredients, *asshole*.
                                                                                                         *food hits floor* little germs: "let's get it!" king germ: "no!!! we must wait 5 seconds......"
                                                                                                                     what is a gay guy's favorite kind of yogurt? the kind with the fruit on the bottom.
                                                                                                                                    what colour t-shirt would win a race? red, because it runs the most.
                                                                                                                                    ever see a bottle of tums in the mirror? you'll run out of windex...
                                                                                               the 3-year-old just held up some paper and said: "daddy, i'm reading the newspaper!" kids love dinosaurs.
                                                                                                                          you think you're hardcore? watch this! *drinks vodka straight from the potato*
                                                                                                             "whoever smelt it, dealt it" - a handy tip when trying to track down large metal suppliers.
                                                                                                                                    what did the salad wearing a tuxedo say? "i feel a bit overdressed."
                                                                                                                                                       don't you hate it when you punch up the fuckline?
                                                                                                                                  'just 90's kids things' 40 years later good cartoons and good eyesight
                                                                                      fun fact: koala's have finger prints like humans. so next time you rob a bank make sure the koala carriers the gun
                                                                                                                                    i can't fall asleep/so i think of some haikus/i should go tweet one!
                                                                                                                           why did the man cry when he was cutting up onions? "onions" was his dog... d:
                                                                                                                                      and then god made saturn. and he liked it, so he put a ring on it.
                                                                                                      what do princess di's coffin and a queen bee have in common? they're both filled with royal jelly.
                                                                                                                                                a good pun is like a good steak a medium rare well done.
                                                                                                                           i just ordered a pair of 24" socks they're two feet. (this actually happened)
               i accidentally walked in on my daughter masturbating with a cucumber and i immediately shut the door. "ewe gross, i was going to eat that later, now it's going to taste like a cucumber"
                                                                                                tomorrow i am going to open the time capsule i buried as a kid. i can't wait to see how big my puppy got
                                               what's big, black and loaded with aids? a new cadillac escalade with cruise control, lane alert, navigation, downhill descent control and parking assist.
                                                           a recent study estimated that 8% of all facebook accounts are fake... unless you count people's personalities, then that number jumps to 93%.
                                                                                                                                              is your refrigerator running? because i would vote for it.
                                                                                                                                          what's bright, red and orange and looks good on hippies? fire.
                                                                                                                             judge: i sentence you to life in prison defendant: noooo my online presence
                                                                                                                                           where did ronda rousey learn how to take a punch? holm school
                                                                                                                                                    i win all games of strip-poker by starting out nude.
                                                                                                                                                           have you ever heard a joke with no punchline?
                                                                                            replace someone's mri with a dancing skeleton gif once, and you'll never be asked to deliver bad news again.
                                               i asked for a chemistry joke, and he responded with this. [x-post from r/dadjokes] what's the difference between an anal and oral thermometer? the taste.
                                                                                                 damn girl are you a pair of sexy knickers??? you're cute on the outside but you're only covering a c*nt
                                                               black friday is the christian holiday where jesus rose from the grave at 4am to get in line to purchase a discounted hdtv for his father.
                                                                                                                        my doctor told me i am anorexic now i have that to deal with on top of being fat
                                                                  me: your shoes are on the wrong feet 4yo: me: ....... 4yo:......... me : 4yo : but i don't have any other feet me : fair enough --__--
                                                                                          my boyfriend is the best cook with only two nuts, a sausage and some milk he can fill my stomach for 9 months.
                                                                                                     what would george washington do if he were alive today? scream and scratch at the top of his coffin
                                                                                                                                                   a mexican plays uno, and steals all the green cards..
                                                                                                   i'll straight up dive off a cutting board and cut shit on a diving board i don't give a shit anymore.
                                                                                        i just read a book on stockholm syndrome. the first couple of chapters were terrible, but by the end i loved it!
                                                                                                  did you hear about the midget psychic who escaped from prison? headlines read: "small medium at large"
                                                                                  someone just honked their horn to get me out of my parking space quicker so now we will both be here until we're dead.
                                                                                                                                                          what do you call a white boxer? black and blue
                                                            son: what's a sex tape? me: er well when er a man & a woman have er intercourse they s: no m: no? s: dad. i know what sex is. what's a tape?
                                i've never been booed off stage. i've never been booed off stage! sure, i've been booed on stage plenty of times... but never off stage. in honor of mitch hedberg. rip.
                                                                                                                                                      blind people can drive... just mostly into things.
                                                                                                                                               roses are brown, violets are brown who shit on my yard?!?
                                                                                                                                      loads of people are lining up to buy my vampire teeth. fang queue.
                                                                                                          give a man a cheeseburger, he'll eat for a day. teach a man to cheeseburger, i'm high as fuck.
                                                                                                                              how do they practice safe sex in scotland? they brand the sheep that kick.
                                                            *approaches drive-thru window on a camel* "sir, here's your 17 big macs and a large milkshake." may i please have a straw? *camel collapses*
                                                                            the best jokes are the ones you have to explain. it's funny because the best jokes are the ones you *don't* have to explain.
                                        better living through chemistry table of elements: c = carbon ho = holmium co =cobalt la = lanthanum te = tellurium chocolate - better living through chemistry!
                                                                                                                                 it's only fitting that god would be a woman... since space is a vacuum.
                                                              my wife's been missing for a week and the police said to prepare for the worst..... ...so i went to goodwill and got all her clothes back.
                                                                                                                                          why are seals such homebodies? because clubbing isn't any fun.
                                                                                                         what is it called when you are arrested for drunk driving and you extremely regret it? du-why?!
                                                                                                                          i've heard like seven cancer jokes today... if i hear tumor it's gonna benign.
                                                                                                                happy new year reddit! just kidding you really came for my cake day! happy 1 year reddit
                                                                                        what's the difference between a lesbian and a ritz cracker? ones a snack cracker and the others a crack snacker.
                                                                                                                                i lost ten pounds! learn my hot diet secret! (i replaced booze with pot)
                                                             there were hookers talking... asked the one hooker the other: what do you ask from santa claus this year? oh, just 50 dollars, like always.
                                                                          a psychiatrist is just a friend you pay to listen to your problems because your other friends are tired of hearing about them.
                                                                                                                        what do you call a gay nobel prize laureate in a blender? a homogeneous mixture.
                                                                                      "finish your peas. kids in china are starving" "finish your math. kids in america are cheating off the asian kids"
                                                                                                                  i love how baguettes get stale after about 12 hours. life is so beautiful and fragile.
                                                                   i put my phone in "airplane mode" and threw it up into the air. it just fell and now my screen is cracked. worst. transformer. ever .
                                                                                                                              i'm thinking about having an open casket funeral... remains to be seen. :d
                                                                                                                                                                     i'm smiling. this should scare you.
                                                                       cute things to call your girlfriend: 1. sugar 2. honey 3. flour 4. egg 5. 1/2lb butter 6. stir 7. pour into pan 8. preheat to 375
                                                                                                       q: how many scorpios does it take to change a lightbulb? a: none - they'd rather sit in the dark.
                                                                                                                julius caesar sashays into a bar. he holds up two fingers and says "five beers, please!"
                                                                                                               it only takes 3 inches to please a woman and it doesn't matter if it's visa or mastercard
                                                                                                                         something we all think is funny. everybody thinks a pussy fart is funny, right?
                                                                                                   my exes broke up with me because i'm a pot lover. i guess you can say they don't have high standards.
                                                              [petsmart] *approaches checkout with bird seed* "that all for you today?" yes. how long does it usually take? "for what?" for them to grow
                                                            well, well, well. looks like i may have a lawsuit on my hands: a gynecologist refused to treat me, and i'm pretty sure it's because i'm gay.
                                                                                                                           when a grammar nazi gets sad give them a hug and say "there, their, they're."
                                                                                                                                          what do you call someone who raises poultry? a chicken tender.
                                                                                                                                      omg you guys, my penis is doing the most adorable thing right now!
                                                                                                                                                 what do you call a hippo that swears? a hippopottymouth
                                                                6yo lured girls to our beach umbrella by shaking a bag of cheetos at them & it worked so guys, feel free to steal his fool-proof method.
                                                                                                                                 sarcasm : because life doesn't come with a free "stay out of jail card"
                                                                                                                                                            what country has 6 faces, and 8 points? cuba
                                                                                                           what did the geologist say to the ginger after he evaluated her precious metal? red, it gold.
                                                                                                                              if you take meat from a calf... ... it could either be veal or below-knee.
                                                                                                                        how do you keep a bunch of redditors in suspense? i'll post the punchline later.
                                                                                                                                                what did bose say to einstein about the weather? it's 0k
                                                            if your boyfriend is ever about to break up with you, yell "what about the baby!" you'll be in a relationship for at least another 5 minutes
                                                                                                                                                                                 2 nazis walk into a bar
                                                                                                             why did the blonde have square boobs? because she forgot to take the tissues out of the box
                                                                                                                                               i do have a swimmers body, he's been in my trunk for days
                                                                                                                                          why was windows 10 afraid of windows 7? because windows 7 8 9.
                                                                   to celebrate boxing day on friday, i had a five minute training montage and beat the shit out of the biggest russian i could find ...
                                                             i tripped over some stupid plant so i gave it the finger and walked in a circle around it because i wasn't sure where its stupid eyes were.
                                                                                             my korean girlfriend once cooked me a pie made from scratch. i was gutted. i loved that dog. mark restuccia
                                                                                           i love rock and roll so put another dime in the juke box baby... then add ninety more cents to play one song.
                                                                                   imagine how quickly breitbart would believe in climate science if they could use it to stop black people from voting.
                                                                             what's the difference between a movie rental machine and several prehistoric towns? one is redbox, the others are bedrocks.
                                                                          did you know it's now politically incorrect to say 'black paint'? now you have to say "jerome can you please paint the fence".
                                                                                                                                                      remember, flies transmit diseases so keep yours up
                                                                                                                               never marry a cross-eyed woman they're always seeing someone on the side.
                                                                                                                                          what did the spider say when he broke his new  web ? darn it !
                                                                                                       when my girlfriend complains about how bad her day was i like to hold her hands because shes deaf
                                                                                                       how many people from chernobyl does it take to screw in a lightbulb? none. they glow in the dark.
                                                                                                     you can stop advertising pizza and beer during football. people who watch football know about them.
                                                                                                        i went to the doctor and he gave me 2 months to live, so i shot him. the judge gave me 30 years.
                                                                                               i like my presidents like i like my slaves cautious and skeptical about ideas that start off with "i ran"
                                                                                                        i got a letter from the bank saying i was still in debt. i don't know why, i sent them a cheque.
                                                                                                                          how do you tell michael jackson's age? you put a color scale next to his face.
                                                                                                                          what do you call a black person on the moon? an astrounaut you racist bastard!
                                                                                                              i used to go to new years eve parties i still do, but i used to too! -mitch hedberg style-
                                                                                              why did the yankee wolf like southern ladies? by the time they said "i'm not that kind of girl" they were.
                                                                   my 4 yr old: i wish i was a nurse. me: you can be one day, if you want. him: *sadly shaking head* no. i'm going to be a power ranger.
                      the first woman on the moon contacted houston. "houston, we have a problem." *"what is it?"* "never mind." *"what's the problem?"* "it's nothing." *"please tell us."* "i'm fine."
                                                                          grocery produce aisle me: hi, are these genetically modified carrots? clerk: no, why do you ask? carrot: yeah, why do you ask?
                                                                                                                                                             the name's bong. jay bong. agent 420. weed.
                                                                                                                                                                      rip boiling water you will be mist
                                                                                                                    did you see the preview for the movie about premature ejaculation? it's coming soon.
                                                                                                                                                                        actual mechanical advantage(ama)
                                                                            adding a smiley face after anything makes things seem playful. examples: you're a slut:) you're ugly:) i killed your puppy:)
               dad asks his kids what the third planet from the sun is called? kids: - earth! dad: - yeah, but it has another name. kids: - oh, dad. we don't know! tell us! dad: - exactly! [drops mic]
                                                                                                                    what do you tell a woman with two black eyes? nothin, you've already told her twice!
                                                                                                                                                          what do you call a small mexican? a paragraph.
                                                                                                                                         what did one snow man say to the other? hey, you smell carrots?
                                                              the scene in lady and the tramp but as our lips meet i carry on sucking. you feel the pasta travel back up your throat. my pasta my. pasta
                                                                                                                             definition: politics poli (poly): many.... tic(k)s: blood sucking creatures
                                        microsoft should try making an optimistic and articulate robot that adjusts its responses based on interactions with the public. they could call it marco rubio.
                                                                                           i want to open a bar that serves nothing but expensive beer and baked beans. i'll call it farts &amp; crafts.
  wanna hear a joke? "why did the chicken cross the road?" "why?" "to get to the house of the ugliest human on the planet. wanna hear another joke? knock-knock...." "who's there?" "buc-buc-bucaaaaaw!"
                                                                                                                                                   i used to hate facial hair... but then it grew on me.
                                                                                                                              whats the difference between a woman and a plate? you can lick a plate dry
                                              gf vs wife q: what's the difference between a girlfriend and a wife? a: 45 lbs. q: what's the difference between a boyfriend and a husband? a: 45 minutes.
                                                                           my mom's late for everything, and it irritates the hell out of me. for example, last week she drove me to an abortion clinic.
                                                                                                                                       you'd think pizza hut would be able to upgrade to a house by now.
                                                                                                                                        good friends are like balloons.... ....if you stab them they die
                                                                                                                                              i like the way the earth revolves! it really makes my day!
                                                                                                                                    of all the things dave misses his mother-in-laws virginity the most.
                                                                 heard my mom tell my dad to "stop tossing her salad" at the dinner table and now i can't look at either one of them without laughing...
                                                                                                                                     what do you call a unicorn with his horn cut off? a eunuch-horn! :d
                                                                                                                                                 what's considered an homemade gift in china? an iphone.
                                                                                                                                                                 how do five gay men walk? one direction
                                                                                                                         i think i'm going to start taking helium people are speaking very highly of it.
                                                              what's the difference between shaving a red head's pubes and diffusing a bomb? when you diffuse a bomb, you only have to cut one red wire.
                                                                                                                                                    who's the most badass flower salesman? chuck florist
                                                      before you criticise someone, you should walk a mile in their shoes... that way you're a mile away from them, and as a bonus you have their shoes.
                                                                                                      i think i know why japanese is so weird now. when that bomb dropped. something fucked up somewhere
                                                                                                                                 what do you call a dangerous fish who drinks too much ? a beer-a-cuda !
                                                                                                                            why are there no aspirin in the jungle? the parrots eat em all (paracetamol)
                                                                                                       i'd rather keep thinking there are punctuation errors in everything i read than clean my monitor.
                                                                                                        a jumper cable walks into a bar. the bartender says, "i'll serve you, but don't start anything."
                                                                                                                   what did virginia get when she walked into the pet shop? (state joke) a new hampshire
                                                                                     what's the difference between beer nuts and deer nuts? beer nuts are a dollar fifty but deer nuts are under a buck.
                                                                                                                                                         some people feel the rain. others just get wet.
                                                                                                                                                  i'm not crazy, my reality is just prettier than yours.
                                                                                                                     did you all hear about diarrhea being hereditary? it supposedly runs in your jeans.
                                                                                                                                  didn't think these orthopedic shoes would work, but i stand corrected.
                                                                                                                  whenever i hear someone died of natural causes, i think, "wait a minute. i have that."
                        i'm getting worried about the amount of violence in modern society. i went to a pet shop and asked the man behind the counter "do you have fat balls? he punched me on the nose.
                                                               why are double amputees always wrong? because they don't have a leg to stand on. note: i'm a right leg amputee and i made this up myself.
                                                                                                             my gps just told me to turn left into a cornfield and now i'm afraid it wants to murder me.
                                                                                                            did you hear the fonz wrote an erotic novel? it's called 50 shades of eyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
                                                                                                                                                having sex in an elevator.. ..is wrong on so many levels
                                                                                                                                                             *pulls knife out of back* *selfies with it*
                                                                                                                                                    like a flat tire.......how i'm rolling this morning.
                                                            i love yahoo answers because no matter how bizarre my question, someone in the world has already thought of it. and thats really comforting.
                                                                                     i can tell my 5yo will make a great politician someday by the way he uses other kids as human shields in dodgeball.
                                                                                                                         why shouldn't you invest in muslim-owned businesses? they never show a prophet.
                                          what's the difference beetwen public official and private employee? private employee starts work checking email. public official starts works making a coffee.
                                                             "do you know why i pulled you over?" *sighs* "because i'm a sweater" "because your a swe- hehe yeah that's weird but no. tail light's out."
                                                                                                                                                    what do you call a frog in the no parking zone? toad
                                                            dating is like playing musical chairs. somewhere between 25&30 the music stopped& everyone grabbed a husband. i must've been in the bathroom
                                                                                             my friend is so stupid she thought alabama is a city. don't worry, i informed her alabama is the president.
                                                            [pharrell eating at arby's] "i want a new look" like a new hair cut? "something crazier" *notices the hat in the arby's logo* "i've got it!"
                                                                                                                          how do you get out of a russian prison? you have vladmir putin a word for you.
                                                                                                       why did the man hit the fortune teller when she started laughing? he was striking a happy medium.
                                                                                                        i like my women like i like my coffee ground up and in the freezer. credit: friend told this one
                               how many black people does it take to screw in a lightbulb? 26. one to actually do the screwing, and 25 to mindlessly shout yaaaaaaassssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssssss.
                                                                                                                             a guy walks into a zoo. the only animal there was a dog. it was a shih tzu.
                                                               not to play the martyr, but i feel like the thousands of fruit flies in my kitchen should be more appreciative for all i have given them.
                                                                                                                                       they told me i would miss my family. i never miss at close range.
                                                                            there should be a trap door at the front of the line for coffee that opens into a pit of fire if you take too long to order.
                                                                                         what do you call a drunk executioner? a dun-gin keeper. edit: you have my permission to post this on r/dadjokes
                                                                                                                                         if pro is the opposite of con, what's the opposite of progress.
                                                                                                                                                   how does the man on the moon cut his hair? eclipse it
                                                                                                                                     text him again. he probably just forgot that he's in love with you.
                                                                                                                 it's no wonder q: why did stevie wonder step in the turd? a: because he can't see shit.
                                                        and then there was the newfie who was  found dead in his jail cell with twelve bumps on his head. he'd tried to hang himself with a rubber band.
                                                                                                                     there are three people in this world... those who can count, and those you can not.
                                                                                                                 how does a black chick know she's pregnant? the cotton from the tampon has been picked.
                                                                                    did you hear about the hearse that got into a head on collision? luckily only one person was found dead at the scene
                                                                                             comb on! what did the bald man exclaim when he received a comb for a present? gee, i'll never part with it!
                                                                                                                mcdonald's should have an express drive thru lane just for people who need french fries.
                                                                            football started as strictly butt-slapping & they built the rest of the game around that so it wouldn't look weird by itself
                                                                                                how is kim kardashian's ass like a password-protected compressed file? they both have their own zip code
                                                                      all the refugees at the olympics are competing in track &amp; field. i guess the ones that weren't good at running didn't make it.
                                                                                                                why is sex with hipsters always unsatisfying? because they always come before it's cool.
                                                                                                                                              she was only a whiskey maker... ...but he loved her still.
                                                                                   two blondes fell down a hole. one said, "it's dark in here isn't it?" the other replied, "i don't know; i can't see."
                                                       why will you never see a politician at your concealed weapons permit class? because people who purchase weapons legally are law abiding citizens.
                                                        a guy storms home and yells at his wife "you slut! i know everything!" the wife smirks, and calmly replies: "oh yeah? then how high is everest?"
                                                                                                                                       if pronouncing my b's as v's makes me sound russian, then soviet.
                                                                                                                                         its gone viral bird flu - 45 million dead chickens and turkeys.
                                                                                                                                 what is the best type of story to tell a runaway horse? a tale of whoa!
                                                                                                                                                   why are jack-o-lanterns inbred? because they pump-kin
                                                                                                     did you hear about the case of the schizophrenic ventriloquist? everyone *around* him heard voices.
                                                                                         the best thing about being bane has gotta be that he can just slice a hardboiled egg straight into his pie hole
                                                                                                             do you know what the worst part of being paralyzed is? i can't stand being in a wheelchair.
                                                                                                i wonder if, in ancient greece, lighting strikes were considered an "act of god" by insurance companies.
                                                                                  what does a tuna, a glue stick, and a piano have not have in common? you can tune a piano, but you can't piano a tuna.
                                                                                              someone asked a ship captain if the rumor that he can't swim is true. "yes," he replied. "can pilots fly?"
                                                                                                                                              what happened to the defeatists poker business? it folded.
                                                                                                                                                                              ciger: close but no cigar.
                                                                                                                                                              what do you call a joke with no punchline?
                                                                                                                         what's the best part of having sex with 25 year olds? there are twenty of them.
                                                                                                                                               someone came up to me and stole my candle i was incensed!
                                                             the way i feel when a waiter brings my food is probably similar to the excitement of a dude on maury who just got told he's not the father.
                                                            the first thing i always do when a cop pulls me over is remind him he can't arrest me without a warrant so he knows he's dealing with a pro.
                                                             as my friend joe's last wish i had him cremated and sprinkled his ashes into the coffee pots at work..all morning everyone had a cup of joe
                                                                                                                                            how do you circumsize a redneck? kick his sister in the jaw.
                                                                                                         ladies, if he tells you he's 6 feet & 4 inches, be sure those aren't two separate measurements.
                                                            a nation that looks at a quivering tower of gray arby's meat product and thinks "this is healthy" cuz there's no bun is capable of anything.
                              to whoever stole my copy of microsoft office... ..i will find you. you have my word. --- edit: 1000 upvotes. of course it would be on a self post. :( thanks though. &lt;3
                                                                                                                                                                  what do you call two bananas? slippers
          oral exam a mother asks her son how the oral exam was. son: "pious." mother: "what do you mean?" s: "the professor asks a question, i cross myself. i give him an answer, he crosses himself."
                                                                                                                          what did the melon tell her boyfriend when he proposed? yes but we cantaloupe.
                                                                                                how many psychologists does it take to change a lightbulb? one, but the lightbulb has to want to change.
                                                                                                                                                                                      do i like money? $
                                                                                                              while you are trying to remember your ex then look at your watch and it's showing 4:04 ...
                                                                                                                                                 where's the school for the blind? ... it's hard to see.
                                                                                               what's the difference between acne and a priest? acne waits until you're 13 before it comes on your face.
                                                                                                                                               who decides which weeds to kill in the garden? weedicide.
                                                                            tiger, lance and tom walk into a cold bar... "heaters," the bartender cries in frustration, "i told him to send me heaters!"
                                                                                                                                                            do irish people make good optometrists? eye!
                                               i always thought district of columbia was a weird name until i realized it probably has the highest rates of coffee and caffeine usage anywhere in the us
                                                                                                                                                                    jobs that do not exist anymore steve
                                                                                                                  what do you need to teach a blonde who never had an accident in 20 years? second gear.
                                                                                                how many karma whores does it take to screw on a lightbulb? when this reaches 500 upvotes i'll tell you.
                                                                                                                                               remember when i pissed off apollo? those were dark times.
                                                                                               how do you end an argument with a woman? tell her to calm down. you're dead now but the argument is over.
                                                                                                                i can make you speak even more irish. say this five times fast: "your fork can eat jet."
                                                                                                       what do you call two chess enthusiasts bragging in a lobby? chess nuts boasting in an open foyer.
                                                                                                                                 what would you get if you crossed a  snowman and a vampire? frostbite !
                                                                       *sits 27 hours for an oil on canvas portrait* omg delete that. bartholomew i'm serious do not fucking hang that in the great hall
                                                                                                                                                     what's invisible and smells like mice? cat farts...
                                                                                                                 what's the difference between a white baby and a black baby ? 20 minutes, thermostat 8.
                                                              it's way too early in the day for you to be yelling at me, repeating your demands, and making me follow you around, girl. it's over, dora.
                                                                                                                           oh you have a hard time gaining weight? that's cool. here, hold this grenade.
                                                                                                                  there is a time and a place for accosting people with baguettes (2 p.m., whole foods).
                                                                                                                          what's worse than finding a worm in your apple? finding a worm in your vagina.
                                                                                                                           why are mountains so funny? because they are hill areas. i'll show myself out
                                                                                                                                      how does a woman scare a gynecologist? by becoming a ventriloquist
                                                                                                                                      i was addicted to the hokey pokey but then i turned myself around.
                                                                                                                                     "you want to have your cake and eat it, too." "yeah. it's my cake."
                                                                                                                               what happened to the muslim critic? he blew everything out of proportion!
                                                                                                                               what do you call a game of basketball between two mexicans? juan on juan.
                                                                                                                                                                     a man with amnesia starts a joke...
                                                                                                                                             what did the black man get for his 18th birthday? your car.
                                                                                                                                              [meta] if our roles were reversed... i'd upvote your post.
                                               a guy sees a blonde across a lake he shouts to her "hey how'd you get on the other side of the lake?" she replies "you're on the other side of the lake!"
                                                                                                              what do you call a cowboy with a case of bad gas? darn tootin'! (this is so dumb im sorry)
                                                                                                                                              i asked a german man if he had a wife he said he had nein.
                                                                                               little girl: "mom i want to be a redditor when i grow up" mom: "well pick one sweetie, you can't do both"
                                                                                                                                                           if love is blind, why is lingerie so popular?
                                                                                                                                                 i've been up for 30 seconds and i am already exhausted.
                                                                                           husband: why are there broken condoms on the couch? wife: would you please call our children by their names!?
                                                                                                             i drink a glass of red wine a day for health benefits. the other 7 glasses are just for me.
                                                                                                        two ducks two ducks in the airing cupboard, which one is in the army? the one on the tank.......
                                                                                   acid shoes i bought some shoes from a drug dealer, i dont know what he laced them with but i've been tripping all day
                                                                                                                          yeah.. 2 girls 1 cup i used to fap to that til i realized it wasn't ice cream.
                                                                   me: heeeeyyyyyy judy, good morning! *scratches judy's back, wiping off my cheeto fingers* judy: hi!!! how are y..... me: *walks away*
                                                                              what did the handyman do... when he got his girlfriend in bed with him for the first time? he screwed, nutted, and bolted.
                                                                                                                                                                                       no sopa... radio?
                                                                                                   i wonder who ate the first egg. like who said, "i'm a eat the white ball that chicken just shit out."
                                                                            some people say steve jobs died to early... but i'd say its an appropriate metaphor for his companies policy on battery life
                                                                                                                          her: i'm going to the gym me: bring me back something from the vending machine
                                                                                                                       so there was a kidnapping in one of the local schools teacher woke him up though.
                                                                                    *knock knock* "who's there?" "dejav." "dejav who?" *knock knock* *edit : thanks a lot for appreciating the stupidity
                                                                                                                              what do you call a white guy who's beating someone in the street? officer.
                                                                                                   you say drug dealer. i say astute, urban entrepreneur embracing the booming chemical escapism market.
                                                                                                                                                 what is julian assange's favorite vegetable? wikileeks.
                                                                      a poem i found i dig... you dig... we dig... he dig... she dig... they dig... it's not a very beautiful poem, but it's quite deep!
                                                                                                                            i'm going to get some hate here. is methodist a religion that worships meth?
                                                                                                                          ate at some place called spaghetteria and let's just say it gave me diaghetti.
          a pony walks into a bar and in a soft and raspy voice says to the bartender, gimme a beer. the bartender says, sure buddy, sounds like you got a cough. the pony replies, i'm a little hoarse.
                                                                                                                                                                                      siri, fight alexa.
                                                                                                                                                           what do vegetarian worms eat?? linda mcartney
                                                                                                                                            what is christopher reeves' favorite band? the talking heads
                                                                an accountant at a bank was constipated apparently he couldn't budget, but he worked it out with a pencil and paper and it was all good.
                                                                                                                                         you call them "cuss words"... i call them "sentence enhancers".
                                                                                         did you hear about the guy who swam the english channel with no arms or legs? they call him... *'clever dick!'*
                                                      two deaf guys... two deaf guys, ed and harry, were hanging out talking, when ed told harry a joke. harry laughed so hard he broke three fingers...
                                                                                                                                            how do you circumcise a redneck kick his sister in the chin.
                                                                                                                                             what does an aardvark take for ant-digestion? anta-seltzer!
                                                                                                                                  bruce willis overdosed on viagra before comitting suicide he died hard
                                                                                                  what's the difference between peanut butter and jam? dogs don't lick jam... just kidding... they do ;)
                                                                                                                                                       man who washes with dog toy becomes squeaky clean
                                                                                        what's the difference between a garbanzo bean and a chickpea? donald trump has never had a garbanzo bean on him.
                                                                                                                                           if donald trump was chinese, what would his name be? ...wong.
                                                                                            i can't believe how much money i've spent fueling my drinking problem. time to start brewing coffee at home.
                                                                                                                                              what does a muslim have if they hate their god? an allahgy
         a man walks in his bedroom with a pig... under his arm. he says: "i fucked this she-swine for 10 years" his wife, shocked, yells: "what?" the man replies: "shut up, i was talking to the pig."
                                             [meta] with lightbulb lifetimes increasing with no obvious limit, will "how many ___ does it take to change a lightbulb" jokes speak to coming generations?
                                                                                                        what's the difference between david blaine and the nra? the former has a cunning array of stunts
                                                                                                                              i lost my job at the orange juice factory they said i couldn't concentrate
                                                                                                                          [dismissed from jury duty because i kept coughing loudly the words 'bribe me']
                                                 wanna hear a joke about recursion [wanna hear a joke about recursion](http://www.reddit.com/r/jokes/comments/39zo5p/wanna_hear_a_joke_about_recursion/)
                                                                                                                                                   he who smiles in a crisis has found someone to blame.
                                                                                                                                         my friend david lost his id recently. now we just call him dav.
                                                                            i was fired from my job as a mortician after i was caught having sex on the job i guess it was the final nail in the coffin.
                                                             to tell the difference between an african and an indian elephant, you look at its ears, then lift one up and shout "where are you from m8?"
                                                                                                                           why was the burger thrown out of the army? he couldn't pass mustard! (muster)
                                                                                                     it's fine to eat chicken with skin but serve beef with skin and everybody just starts freaking out.
                                                            the janitor squints at the unfinished equation, picks up the chalk and scrawls methodically. soon all the eights have top-hats like snowmen.
                                                                     i got the lyrics wrong and partied like it's 1599. now my kitchen smells like roast peacock and i can't get this horse off my couch
                                                               me: bless me father for i have sinned... priest texting me back: i already told you, i'm not absolving u of your sins unless you come in.
                                                                                                                          i know someone who's addicted to brake fluid. they say they can stop any time.
                                                                                                     my husband just had a heart attack during climax he was nearly there - but then he was nearly gone.
                                                                                                                                         why are cars in russia so slow? because they are always stalin.
                                                                                                                       i just got fired from the orange juice factory. they said i could not concentrate
                                                                                                          here's a double entendre joke i made up why do grump pedophiles like cats? they're assholes...
                                                                                                               did you guys hear about the midget that admitted he was gay? he came out of the cupboard.
                                                                                                                                               what begins with p and ends with orn? popcorn, of course!
                                                             what happened when porky pig fell asleep at his construction job? the foreman fired him, saying, 'we can't have bored boars boring boards.'
                                                                                         looking for texas? drive east or west on interstate 70 until you smell shit. then go south till you run into it
                                                         my wife really wanted a dog, so i bought her a pug. despite the squashed nose, bulging eyes and rolls of fat, the dog really seems to like her.
                                                                  a celebrity died? better take this opportunity to tell everyone a very personal story about that one time you saw them eating falafel.
                                                                                                    why was he woman arrested on a cattle ranch for wearing a silk dress? she was charged with rustling!
                                                                                                        there are two kinds of people in the world: those that can extrapolate from missing information.
                                                                                                            i wonder if in 100 years, ghosts of today will spell out "swag" or "bae" on the ouija boards
                                                                    over all these years, you'd think i'd remember how important the "l" in clock is...especially when asking mom if i can borrow dad's.
                                                                                                                                                why don't vegans eat chicken? because it contains egg...
                                                     a baby seal walks into a club... and is escorted outside due to being underage. (sorry if this is a repost, i've never seen this joke here before.)
                                                                                                                                                 what did the alcoholic 7 get diagnosed with? heptatitis
                                          my girlfriend thought the fossball table in our living room was too fratty. so i filled it up with water and turned it into a synchronized swimming simulator.
                       ive got an idea for a halloween party costume... i'll go only in my pants so when people ask what i'm whereing i'll say, " im premature ejaculation, so i just came in my pants."
                                                                                                                    how do you stop a baby from crawling in a circle? nail it's other hand to the floor.
                                                                                                                             hopscotch would be a lot more challenging if the kids actually had scotch..
                                                                                                                                         why are there no cats in germany? because they have nein lives.
                                                                                                 my girlfriend asked me to stop singing the monkees. i thought she was lying, but then i saw her face...
                                                                                                                                             why do ducks have webbed feet ? to stamp out forest fires !
                                                                                                   these hospital bills are killing me! i'm starting to think buying a hospital wasn't such a good idea.
                                                                                                                                                                       "i hate burritoes!" -no juan ever
                                                                                                   whats the difference between your sister and a mosquito? the mosquito stops sucking after you slap it
                                                                                                                            q: which sexual position produces the ugliest  children? a: ask your mother.
                                                                                                                                              what do you call a sexually aroused caveman? homo erectus.
                                                      i can picture in my mind a world without war, a world without hate... and i can picture us invading that world because they'd never see it coming.
                                                                                                                                                    why was lisa not able to ride a bike? she was a cat.
                                                                                                                                    trying nofap for just 7 days... ... and it already gets really hard.
                                                             what if all djs decided at once to stop using the infamous air horn sound effect and started using the sound of an old man climbing stairs?
                                                                                                                               with hanukkah upon us, how does a jewish man prepare his tea? hebrews it.
                                                                                                         how do you know princess diana has dandruff? they found her head and shoulders in the glovebox.
                                                                                                 1. denial 2. anger 3. bargaining 4. depression 5. acceptance......... the 5 stages of wearing a condom.
                                                                                                        how many meateaters does it take to change a lightbulb? none, they would rather stay in the dark
                                                                                                                                                   which wrestler's weakness is the rain? dwayne johnson
                                                                            i like to go on ok cupid and find the worst possible matches for myself and message them being like "we can make this work."
                                                                                                                                    60% of all secretaries can type... the other 40% are huntn' peckers.
                                                                 nsfw why is driving in the snow a lot like eating pussy? because if you're not careful you might slide into the asshole in front of you
                                                                                                                           i find it hard to explain stuff to kleptomaniacs. they take things literally!
                                                                                  weird how superman's an alien but looks exactly like a white dude & then he landed in kansas & not say, mainland china
                                                                                        harry potter fans: i wanna go to hogwarts. narnia fans: i wanna go to narnia. hunger games fans: nope i'm good..
                                                                                                                      it's racist how they always put martin luther king jr. blvd in a bad neighborhood.
                                                                                           my daughter told me she wanted a puppy for christmas... i told her "you're eating turkey like everyone else".
                                                                                                                          half of reddit is shut down. in unrelated news, productivity rises nation-wide
                                                            apparently shouting out "he has a gun" isn't the best way to let everyone in the bank know that you see the security guard. i know this now.
                                                     i called my colectomy surgeon's office... to check on my appointment. a man with a russian accent answered the phone saying, "thank you for colon."
                                                            social media is great. before facebook i'd never know what the girl who wrote "dirty jew" on my 8th grade locker was thankful for this year.
                                                                                                     when you know it is too cold in bay area? when you see the programmer's hands are in their pockets.
                                                                                                      q. how do you know a blonde has been using the computer? a. there is cheese in front of the mouse.
                                                                                                                        q: why did the girl fall off the swing? a: because someone threw a piano at her.
                                                                                   what did the watch say when the necklace, earrings, purse and ring killed the shoes? i won't be an accessory to this.
                 there are only 2 branches of the military... there are only 2 branches of the american military: the army &amp; the navy the air force is a corporation. the marines are #*?&amp; cult.
                                                                                                   every time someone clears their browser history there should be a little voice that says "good move."
                                                                                      at a restaurant: "would you like a table?" "no, not at all. i came here to eat on the floor. carpet for 5 please."
                                                  a reporter interviewed a 103-year-old woman. "and what is the best thing about being 103?" the reporter asked. she simply replied, "no peer pressure."
                                                                                                                                   what is a menstruating woman's favorite genre of movies? period films
                                                                                                                                 i am in the s&amp;m period in my relationship she sleeps, i masturbate.
                                                                                                                        when people tell me, "it's easy as pi" i tell them that they're being irrational
                                                            me: got my finger stuck in this beer bottle. wife: how?! m: just help me. w: have you tried butter? m: it's delicious. now will you help me?
                                                                                                                          why is north korean dictator kim jong-un so ruthless? he doesn't have a seoul.
                                                                                             baa! "my name is--" moo! "my name is--" neigh! "my name is *chickenchicken* slim shady." -eminem at a farm.
                                                                                                                          where does almond and cashew milk come from? crazy cows. they have to be nuts.
                                                                                                                      i have sex almost every day. today i almost had sex, yesterday i almost had sex...
                                                                                                                                                                   what shoes does ninjas use? sneakers.
                                                                                                                                                                     *pokes forehead* is this thing on ?
                                                                                                         what's the difference between a porcupine and a bmw? a porcupine has the pricks on the outside!
                                                                                          "damnit!" -a burglar, discovering yet another drawer filled with dead batteries, take-out menus, and pen caps.
                                                                                           my girlfriend told me that i am immature and need to grow up guess who's not allowed in my tree house anymore
                                                                                                          how many feminists does it take to change a light bulb? none. feminists don't change anything.
                                                                                                                           what's white, plastic, and not suitable for ages 5 and under? michael jackson
                                                                                                  what is the difference between jelly and jam? you can't jelly your cock down your girlfriend's throat.
                                                                yeah baby, i'm the lead singer in a band. well, more of a backing singer. more of a drummer. triangle player..roadie. i saw a band once.
                                                                                                                                                  her: see ya later alligator! me: *slithers into swamp*
                                                                                                                                                     whats the month people get most drunk in? febrewery
                                                             sadly, at 8:11 pm mark jones was mispronounced dead. [at hospital] doctor: i'm afraid this man has deed. am i saying that right? he's deed.
                                                                      it is a good thing butt cracks are vertical... if they were horizontal, we would hear clapping every time someone used the stairs.
                                                                                                                                                why is pornhub so busy today? because it's erection day!
                                                                                                                  i pulled a real douchie move this morning... your mom's vagina has never been happier.
                                                                               why do elephants squirt water through their noses? if they squirted it through their tails it'd be very difficult to aim.
                                                                                                     whats the difference between a circus and the rockettes? the circus is a cunning array of stunts...
                                                                                                                                  what illness causes breasts to grow all over your body? heap-a-tities.
                                                                                 i put off things i don't want to do until tomorrow because a small part of me is like "well maybe i'll be dead by then"
                                                                                                     america is kind of like testicles if the right nut can't agree with the left nut. we can't produce.
                                                                          my dog gave birth recently. my dog gave birth to a litter of 8 puppies. we named one puppy johnny, he is a real son of a bitch
                                                                                                                                   my car and i have one thing in common... ...we're both broke as hell.
                                                                                                                                               why did the bees build the hive? it's in their beehavior.
                                                                                                                                        i once played golf with a kiwi the rspca showed up the next day.
                                                                                                two priests decided to open a fish and chip shop... ... one was a fish friar, the other was a chip monk.
                                                                               no thanks, flu shot. i look forward to three days off from work and returning looking like i was on a diet for six weeks.
                                                                                                weird joke q: why did godcreate man before woman?a: he needed a rough draft before he made a final copy.
                                                                                                                           i tried to change my password to 14days... the computer said it was two week.
                                                                                      til scientists have discovered a food that diminishes a woman's sex drive by 90 per cent tl;dr it was wedding cake
                                                    my husband told me that in some cultures women do all the housework, so i told him in some cultures blow jobs don't exist.  he's busy vacuuming now.
                                                                                                                                                           how did i get from afghanistan to iraq? iran.
                                                                                                                   a kiss so passionate you have first degree burns from the melted cheese on the pizza.
                                                                                             keep slugs out of your garden by building a tiny slug-sized amusement park next to it with slow safe rides.
                                                                                                                 there is nothing stronger than love... except rayleigh, rayleigh is slower but stronger
                                                                                                                                   i had a really big shit the other day. it was a real pain in the ass.
                                                                                wife: how many beers is that for you today, dear? me: like 4 maybe. 5 tops. wife: i counted 19. me: well i rounded down.
                                                                                                                 what is josh duggar's second favorite dating website after ashley-madison? ancestry.com
                                                 tomorrow you should turn back our clocks one hour. for daylight saving time unless you're arabic, in which case you should set it forward 14 centuries.
                                                                                                                         how do helen keller's parents punish her? they leave the plunger in the toilet.
                                                                                                             former presidential candidate senator sanders falls ill. what do you call him? a sick bern.
                                                                                                                           when you're trying to be cheesy but everyone around you is lactose intolerant
                                                                                                                                                       steps to success 1:speak with god 2:??? 3:prophet
                                                                                                                               what do you call a bad hairdresser who is also very expensive? a rip-off.
                                                                                                                                                           goodnight, sweet prince. rip in peace prince.
                                                                                                                 where do polar bears keep their money? in the snowbank. my first post is a dad joke lol
                                                   sonny snake is asking his father snake: *dad, are we venomous?!* "no son, we're not venomous snakes, why do you ask?" *because i just bit my tongue!*
                                                                                                                 how many people need to die before we fix... ...this horrendous piano dropping problem!
                                                                                                                                  what did the computer processor say when it was overclocked? it hertz.
                                                                                which profession has the worst sense of humour? well, chiropodists like *corny* jokes. but opticians like them *cornea*.
                                                                                                                                                       i love you all so much right now because alcohol.
                                                                   i hope that senator franken runs for president in 2020 and picks jill stein as his running mate that'd be a real franken/stein ticket
                                                                                                                                                my hamster passed today, he fell asleep at the wheel....
                                                                                                                                                        how often did the asian cow go to the gym? dairy
                                                                                                                                            love in 2013 means answering each other's texts immediately.
                                                                                                                           the only ghosts i'm afraid of are my google searches coming back to haunt me.
                                                                                                                      no one in here better be making any jokes about fred phelps' death god hates gags.
                                                                                                                                                              harry potter: alohamora mora: aloha, harry
                                                                                i'm no political expert, but as far as i can tell the republican strategy seems to be: "oh you think bush was terrible?"
                                                                                     just found out today that monkeys don't lay eggs. so what have i been buying on craigslist. what have i been eating
                                                                                                                                                                             happy new year #2018 first.
                                                                                                                              surprise your coworkers by hiding in the utility closet until you're dead.
                                                                                                                                                                            in russia, pokemon find you.
                                                                                                                                        apparently white men can't jump! yeah? well black men can't act!
                                                                                                                                                 lgbt should rename themselves bltg. it's more tasteful.
                                                                                                          about 90% of people do not know the opposite of these words... always coming from take me down
                                                                                accidentally just walked halfway into a hug intended for someone else on the sidewalk maybe can't leave house ever again
                                                                                                                               why was the man suspicous about the tree? i dunno, it seemed a bit shady.
                                                                                                                                             who is the funniest american politician? hillarious clinton
                                                                                                                    which presidential candidate does tom brady support? whichever can reduce inflation.
                                                                                                                         my opinions are like my bed sheets. i only change them if it helps me get laid.
                                                                                                               why aren't the italians afraid of the biscuit? because it ain't nothing butter biscuit!!!
                                                                                                                                                       what's a mathematician's favorite plant? geometry
                                                                                                                                        what happened to the cannibal lion? he had to swallow his pride.
                     a paedophile and a young boy are walking through a forest at midnight..... the young boy says, "i'm scared". the paedophile says, "you're scared? i've got to walk back on my own!"
                                                                                                                  my girlfriend treats me like a god now if i can only get her to stop being an atheist.
                                                                      try the new mcdonaldstm double bacon something whatever i don't know anymore but you're gonna eat it anyways you fat piece of shit
                                                                                                                                                                  wanna go to copenhagen? amsterdam sure
                                                                                                                       by now, i'm pretty sure scott weiland was right. he's half the man he used to be.
                                                                                                       what do you call a frog that jumps half the distance to its destination every time? an asymptoad.
                                                                                                        i'm not sure who looks more frightened & confused when someone knocks on my door, the dog or me?
                                                        what's your pitch? "so this guy steals from the rich..." ok "and gives to the poor" nice. what's his name? "robin..." haha i love it "hood" wait
                                                                                                                                 what's the best way to make a bull sweat ?  put him in a tight jumper !
                                                                                                               hey, i'm proud of my heritage that's why sometimes, i don't even wear my hood at rallies.
                                                                                                                                    what do balloons and virgins have in common? one prick and its gone.
                                                                                                    i don't get sports lingo. it's always offsides this, penalty that, murder this, sexual assault that.
                                                                                                                                            what did cinderalla do when she got to the ball? she gagged.
                                                                                                          what's the difference between a jeweller and a jailer? one sells watches and one watches cells
                                                                                                                                                 developer accused of unreadable code refuses to comment
                                                                                                                                    people get so weird when i step on the gym scale behind them, naked.
                                                                                                                                   what's emperor palpatine's favorite kind of cheese? "gouda, gouda..."
                                                                                                                                                           be smart because you won't be pretty forever.
             heard on haight st. the other day: why didnt the lifeguard save the drowning hippie? cause he was just too far out, man. edit: i work on haight st. this was in exchange for one cigarette.
                                                                                                                     why did the illiterate man with the 3 foot penis get dumped by his girlfriend? tldr
                                                                                                       it's always a good idea to make friends with babies. that's free cake once a year for a lifetime.
                                                                                                                   why was cleopatra angry? she was on her pyramid. stolen from whose line is it anyway.
                                                                                                                                                         i just found a six pack in my room. case closed
                                                                                                                          to err is human. to errrrrrrr! eerrrrrrrrrrrrrrr! errrrrrrrrrrrrr! is racecar.
                                                                                                it's like my nana always used to say: if you really hate him that much, just marry him and then get fat.
                                                                                                                                   my friend got drunk on candy the other day. he said it was liquor-ish
                                                                                                                                    i'll do a lot of things for money, but i draw the line at working...
                                                                                                                  why don't the french have fireworks on bastille day? because they would all surrender.
                                                                                                                        what do you you say when a monk tries to kick you out of the monastery ? namaste
                                                                                                     why do jews like to watch porn backwards? they like the part where the hooker gives the money back.
                                                                        when in trouble i think what would justin bieber do? scream like a little girl, grab nonexistent testicles & run away awkwardly.
                                                                                                                                           to make a long story short, just walk away once you're bored.
                                                                                                            i hate it when my girlfriend tells me she's about to come i have shitty cellphone reception.
                                                                                                                                     yo mama so fat when she went to the movies she sat next to everyone
                                                                                     so i was going to blame my pet ostrich for a crime i committed but my lawyer advised that it wouldn't fly in court.
                                                                                           if i had a bodyguard, i'm pretty sure he'd just spend most of his time sighing and saying "don't eat that..."
                                                                                                                                     what's the difference between reddit and facebook? reddit is better
                                                                                                                 belle asks beast for his number. he gives it to her on a slip of paper. it reads, "666"
                                                             my son is fashion conscious and likes disney show tunes. i think we need to have the talk. no son of mine is gonna raid my lingerie closet.
                                                                        criminal tip: buy a gun from a guy off the streets. as soon as he sells it to you, point it at him & get your $$ back. free gun.
                                                                                             me: if you don't like my rules, maybe you can find a different mom. 4yo: *excitedly* can we really do that?
                                                                                                                                                 what's the art of having multiple personalities? acting
                                                                                                                                     what did one lesbian vampire say to the other? "see you next month"
                                                                                             so a guy walks into a bar where eminem is the bartender guy: two shots please eminem: you only get one shot
                                                                                                                                           i'm addicted to drinking brake fluid. but i can stop anytime.
                                                                   the cheetah is the fastest land mammal right after a politician backpedaling about an opinion he didn't want the public to know about
                                                                                                                                        what word in the dictionary is spelled incorrectly? incorrectly.
                                                                                                     sex is so much more with a big penis . . . with a small penis, you're barely scratching the cervix.
                                                                                                                                                what's better than roses on a piano? tulips on an organ!
                                                                  movies: ok, time for bed kiddo. *child kisses parents and goes to bed my house: time for bed. *mixed martial acrobatics is now a sport
                                                                                              fact: if you can trick a british person into saying their name backwards, they have to become your butler.
                                    so apparently there isnt an app for pancreatic cancer. ironic that something abbreviated pc killed steve jobs, does anyone think his funeral will be a flash affair?
                                                                                                                                           when your boss says "you need help", he never means a hitman.
                                                                                                                             keeping a blood capsule in my mouth for the next guy who tells me to smile.
                                                                                                                                                                  so, a byslexic guy walks into a dar...
                                                                                                          my dad's joke how do you get herpes of the eye ball? looking for love in all the wrong places.
                                                                                                        what tv personality lives in your phone? sim card-ashian! (it might help if you say it out loud)
                                                                                                               what did one lesbian frog say to the other lesbian frog? we really do taste like chicken!
                                                                                                                                                             what do muslim children color with? a quran
                                                                                                                                                                    people keeping new years resolutions
                                                                                                                                           just remember that whatever you put up with, you end up with.
                                                                                                              *shoves a guy* i think you mean the second biggest "the sound of music" fan on earth, bro.
                                                                                             girls who draw their eyebrows on may as well do them with a disappointed expression because yeah no thanks.
                                                                                                                why do mexicans only cross the border in pairs? because the sign reads no "tres"passing.
                                                                   the first rule of thesaurus club is, you don't talk about, mention, speak of, discuss, chin wag, natter or chat about thesaurus club.
                                                                                                                                                       "50 cent for 2pacs of eminems!? that's ludacris!"
                                         muslim scientists.. muslim scientists have invented a time-travel device that can transport an entire country back to the dark ages. they're calling it islam'.
                                                                                                                                                                     i love to challah at jewish chicks.
                                                                                                                     life is like a penis... simple, relaxed, hanging free, it's women who make it hard!
                                                                            if you're gonna offer free milk for coffee at a convenience store, don't get all weird when i bring in a dry bowl of cereal.
                                                                                                             til condoms have serial numbers.. ..but i've never rolled one down far enough to find out..
                                                            batman: use this spotlight to call me. robin: what if it's daytime? batman: *glares at robin* gordon: yeah, what if it- batman: *smoke bomb*
                                                                                                                                               terminator doesn't google himself he uses altavista baby.
                                                                                                                                             what's better than roses on a piano? two-lips on your organ
                                                                   after getting out of jury duty, it dawned on me that our nation's trials are decided by 12 people too stupid to get out of jury duty.
                                                                                                      my grandfather died in a concetration camp. he fell out of a really tall guard tower. so sad r.i.p
                                                                                                                              money :::: humans are the only species that have to pay to live on earth..
                                                                                             my phone keeps capitalizing my lols like i'm some kind of suburban mom with highlights and bedazzled jeans.
                                                                                                   to all the haters out there, i think melania trump's speech hit all the right keys. ctrl+c and ctrl+v
                                                                welcome to anxiety club, i really hope more people show up. maybe there was a terrible accident and everyone that was coming is now dead
                                                                              how can you find out the gender of an ant? throw it in the water. if it sinks, it's a girl ant. if it floats, it's buoyant
                                                                                                                                                           what do you call a jewish pokemon master? ash
                                                                                                                                                          which dog is always without a tail? a hot dog.
                                                                                                                                                what has one hundred balls and screws old ladies? bingo.
                                                                                               when you are dead, you don't know you are dead but other people do. the same applies when you are stupid.
                                                              i set up a camera in my room like in paranormal activity but it's just 8 hours of me waving & walking down imaginary stairs behind my bed.
                                                                                                                                                                  i just paid 400 for a cup. what a mug.
                                                                       my mom moved me away from texas as a kid, statistically decreasing the chance i ever get the death penalty and that's pretty cool
                                                                                                                                                  what's it called when a pig kills itself? soooey!-cide
                                                                                                                                        how come nobody tells "nacho" jokes anymore? they're too cheesy.
                                                                                                                        i hate it when people ask me where i'll be in 5 years. i don't have 2020 vision.
                                                                                                                                       what is called a honeymoon salad? lettuce alone with no dressing.
                                                                                                                                                             oxygen and magnesium went on a date... omg!
                                                              if justin beiber and rebecca black were both drowning and you could only save one, would you grab a bite to eat or finish mowing the lawn?
                                                                                                                                   math class is like a penis... its long and hard, unless you're asian!
                                                               anchor: now over to mike for the weather. me: it's really weathery right now, carl, with more weather to come! that's it for the weather!
                                                                                      how do you fit 100 jews in a volkswagen? 2 in the front, 3 in the back, 1 in the boot and the rest in the ashtray.
                                                                                                                                                           "doughnuts. is there anything they can't do?"
                                                                                                           "you the bomb" "no you the bomb"....- a compliment in america.an argument in the middle east.
                                                                                                 why is it so difficult to call chinese people? there's so many wings it's easy to wing the wong number.
                                                                                                                         a sandwich walks into a bar the barman says, "sorry, we don't serve food here."
                                                                                                                                                      brushed the fur off my couch and made another cat.
                                              how is hillary clinton and a high class prostitute different? rich people pay the prostitute to fuck them, they pay hillary clinton to fuck everyone else.
                                                            a job interview is like a first date. you dress up, pretend to be someone else and spend the time wondering if you're  going to get screwed.
                                                                                       what's the difference between an afghan military base and a pakistani school? i don't know, i just fly the drone.
                                                                                                              if a restaurant can afford to advertise on national television, you should never eat there
                                                                                 what did my roommate say when i asked him if he wanted to watch the movie the usual suspects? is it about black people?
                                                                                                                                                     how did the blond chip her tooth? with her vibrator
                                                                                             why did the redditor stand on a piece of fruit to check his weight? because he was using a banana for scale
                                                                                                                                      an atom asks another atom, do these protons make my mass look big?
                                                                                                                         is peta aware that we're still struggling with the ethical treatment of humans?
                                                                                                                             tifu by calling a flight attendant a stewardess. man did he get pissed off.
                                                                                                                         i leave the interview room as i entered it, karate chopping air and unemployed.
                                                                                                                          what did the philosopher say to his coworker? "cleanup on the detergent aisle"
                                                                                                                                                               kids from '00 won't get this... childhood
                                                                                                        why did the foreigner vote for trump? he heard he would get to watch the inauguration on a plane
                                                                                                                  what did the boy with no arms get for christmas? i don't know, he hasn't opened it yet
                                                                                                                                                              but how do i know if a guy hates me for me
                                                                              do we really have to hear adam levine talk about how he used to have acne problems? that poor guy.. how'd he ever survive.
                                                                                                       do you want to hear a joke about steak? never mind, i'll tell you later. but it's very well done.
                                            what do you need to have to do the dishes when you don't want to? dishcipline this is literally a joke i told in a dream and i remembered it when waking up.
                                                     "do you answer the phone while having sex" a woman asks her friend. the friend says "only if its my husband calling me..he's my husband after all".
                                                                                                                               my grandfather has the heart of a lion! and a ban from the cincinnati zoo
                                                              me:"if you ever give me another gift with 'some assembly required', you're dead to us." 6:*writing thank you card* but, um.. me: write it!
                                                                                                                        my sex life is just like star wars it's either han solo, or i have to use force.
                                                                                                                   strange how fb doesn't automatically add the enemies of your enemies as your friends,
                                                                                                                   how many children with adhd does it take to screw in a light bulb? wanna go swimming?
                                                                                                                                  [prison riot] *standing over my origami ducks* "go around! go around!"
                                                                  i asked my friend if i could borrow some money for condoms.... he gave me five bucks, and i told him "thanks for the *fucking* money."
                                                                                                                             *opens front door to see christmas carolers singing please, i have a family
                                                                                                                                   why did the woman fire her masseuse? he just rubbed her the wrong way
                                                                           i was on diet for a month and all i lost was 30 days how many of you know this funny man pakalu papito ? its one of his joke.
                                                                                        there are 10 types of people those who understand ternary, those who don't, and those who mistake it for binary.
                                                                                                           why don't emus ever finish all the food on their plates? they don't want to be ostrich-sized!
                                                                                him: who is your fantasy? me: huh? him: who would you like to be stuck in an elevator with? me: the elevator repair man.
                  a kid asks his father a question. "dad where is the clitoris?" the father responds with, "you should have asked me that last night, because i had the answer on the tip of my tongue."
                                                                                                                                      i went to france yesterday to see a soccer match... i had a blast!
                                                                    my son wont get past his bridge troll phase. its a phase all children have, where they live under a bridge and rob people with a gun
                                                                                                          what did the gymnast and the grad student have in common? the both had an outstanding balance.
                                                                                                                                      what's the healthiest sport a pregnant women can play? kick boxing
                                                                                                                                                    why did the chemist die? he ate a pb and j sandwich.
     you know what's the difference between a housewife and a politician? the housewife thinks about doing her taxes while having sex. the politician thinks about having sex while spending your taxes.
                                                                                           "give it to me" she yelled "oh my god i'm so wet!!" she could scream all she wants i was keeping the umbrella
                                                               hate it when pharmacy girls ask if i've "used this product before?" darling i've applied, swallowed & inserted every item ever sold here.
                                                                          you have 2 coins that make 30 cents, one is not a nickle... one is a quarter and the other is a nickle. i'll see myself out...
                                                                                                                             why is unidan's current account called unidanx? it's his tenth alt account.
                                                       edited from my mistake earlier today: what do paedophiles and napalm have in common? they can both strip a vietnamese orphan in under 30 seconds.
                                                                                                                               bro what if soy milk is just regular milk introducing himself in spanish?
                                                                                                                                             what do you call a zombie storm trooper? an imperial walker
                                                                                                   cross-eyed monster: when i grow up i want to be a  bus driver. witch: well i won't stand in your way.
                                                                 i can relate to people who say they need to rest so they can recover after a tough workout. i feel exactly the same after a heavy meal.
                                                                                             my girlfriend left because of my terrible arnold schwarzenegger impression. but don't worry... i'll return.
                                                                                                                                                       i've got a runny nose. edit: thanks for the cold!
                        people say that sex ed classes in america are uncomfortable. but i think that history classes in germany are worse. "hey kids, you'll never guess what your grandparents did..."
                                                                                                                                                   joined match.com... and all i got was a lit cigarette
                                                                                                                                            who do you call a really thin dinosaur? tyranosaurus annorex
                                                                                                                                                   i'd say 6:30 is the best time on a clock. hands down.
                   marriage proposal in ancient greece, throwing an apple at a woman was considered a marriage proposal. this tradition still continues - throw an apple (iphone5) and she will say yes!
                                                                                                                                                   i was going to tell a nirvana joke, but... nevermind.
                                                                                                                                                                              coffee. not my cup of tea.
                                                                                                                                 what'd the mexican say when he was upset? i don't want to taco bout it.
                                                                                                                            my 5/o just said "that's classic!!" wtf is classic to a 5 y/o? blues clues??
                                                                                               i've just found that my wii remote doesn't work if you take it out of the sync region. much like my wife.
                                                                                                                                         how many downies does it take to screw in a light bulb? potatoe
                                                                                                                               me: i'm going to bed after this episode. netflix: hahahahahaha! sure. ok.
                                                                                                               did you hear about the montana moron who went looking for a gas leak with a safety match?
                                                                                                                if spiders ever come to the realization that people are terrified of them, we're fcuked.
                                                                                                                 my therapist thinks meeting women on twitter for sex is a bad idea. his wife disagrees.
                                                                                                                                                                     if you fall i will be there - floor
                                                              the pope secretly came to my house. he thought it was weird that i had so many blu-rays still in the shrink wrap. i'll get around to them!
                                                                 did you know lysol kills 99.9% of germs & my toothpaste has tartar control? you would too if you sat in my bathroom without your phone.
                                                                                                                        did you hear about the guy that didn't pay the midget hooker? it was a low blow.
                                                                                                                                           i'm a morning person. then, around noon, i turn into a horse.
                                                                                                                  if you think that there's nothing that can make your plants stay alive... watering can
                                                                                                                                   what do you do in the bathroom if you are trying to waste time? stall
                                                                                                                               remember april showers bring may flowers. but, mayflowers being smallpox.
                                                                                                                                                    what's hitler's favorite chinese food? lo mein kampf
                                                             blonde joke why did the blonde girl have bruises around her belly button? because blonde guys aren't smart either (sorry if it's a repost.)
                                                                                                       hi, famous people getting duis. you know you can probably afford a driver, right? just a thought.
                                                             somewhere in another dimension there is a lingerie store called victoria secretes where all the panties already come with discharge on them
                                                                                                     what does a dyslexic, agnostic insomniac do at night? lie in bed wondering "is there really a dog?"
                                                                                  the best way to keep your new iphone from getting stolen is to have a case on it that makes it look like a blackberry.
                                                                                                                                             why did the dog say he was an actor? his leg was in a cast.
                                                                                     patient: doc what should i do with all the gold and silver in my mouth? dentist: don't smile in a bad neighborhood.
                                                                                                                   best headline i have ever read "tball stand pitches perfect game at special olympics"
                                                                             parents: knock knock. me: who's there? parents: mom and dad. me: mom and dad who? parents: exactly, you're adopted son. ;'(
                                                               john: there are places... paul: i remember george: all my life, though... ringo: how can antibiotics and pro-biotics both be good for you
                                                                                                           q: what's the difference between a violist and a dressmaker? a: a dressmaker tucks up frills.
                                                                                                                                           an irishman meets a.... latvian. no potato. both die. is end.
                                                                                                                                             what's the fastest way to get a ripped body? take highwhey.
                                                                                                                                                            what does a dog from minnesota say? woof da.
                                                                                           a funnier shorter vampire joke what did the vampire say to the woman teacher? bla...bla..see you next period.
                                                                                                                                    as advertised i opened a can of evaporated milk today. it was empty.
                                                                                                                                            someone threw a grill at my face. the attack made headlines.
                                                                                                                                            what's worse than spiders on your piano? crabs on your organ
                                                                                                  how many chiropractors does it take to screw in a lightbulb? one, but they'll take 30 visits to do it.
                                                                                                                     how do you find will smith in a snow storm?? just look for the fresh prints. booom!
                                                                                                                                  hey girl, do your breasts have an agent? 'cuz i'd like to handle them.
                                                                                                              q: how do you know you're flying over poland? a: toilet paper hanging on the clotheslines.
                                                                                                                                i never make jokes about domestic violence they really hit close to home
                                                                                                         when i go to my profile page i am so happy it says "that's you!" because i get confused easily.
                                                                                                                                               my love for you is like diarrhea, i just cant hold it in!
                                                                                                                                        what did the couch say to the armchair? don't worry, i pull out.
                                                                                                                                                      woah! brian williams' fly is wide open! newsflash.
                                                                                                                                            my friend is obsessed with navy destroyers he warships them.
                                                                                                                           why does hiring a ship illegally always cost $3.14? because they're pi rates.
                                                                                        did you guys know about the security guard who got fired from the sperm bank? he got caught drinking in the job.
                                                                                                                 there's a guy whose whole job is to find new places to hide the "close this ad" button.
                                                                                                                                 why did the toad become a lighthouse keeper?  he had his own frog-horn.
                                                                  girl, if i could rearrange the alphabet i probably wouldnt: i'm not that smart and people are already mad at me from other stuff i did
                                                                 me: where the hell are you going with those balloons? 4yr: i need to wee! me: with balloons?! 4yr: its so much fun to wee with balloons
                                                                                                                                             you laugh at the burrito in my purse, until you get hungry.
                                                                                                             my mom caught me smoking weed. she punished me by sending me to my room without any supper.
                                                                                                                                             did you hear the joke about the deaf guy? he didn't either.
                                                                                                          cigarettes are like hamsters harmless, until you stick one in your mouth and light it on fire.
                                                                                                                 what rhymes with jon snow? he doesn't know. , sorry for the lame joke, just made it up.
                                                                                                                  i can't believe i got fired from the calendar factory... all i did was take a day off.
                      donald trump has decided to take just $1 as his salary for the job of the president instead of the usual 400,000. that man would do just about anything to avoid paying the taxes.
                      i was at the inventor of the usb stick's funeral yesterday..... they lowered his coffin into the ground, then raised it back up, turned it around, and lowered it back down again.
                                                                                           a women insists, "women are funny!" a man replies, "you're right! that's the funniest thing i've ever heard!"
                                                                                                                              grapes what did the green grape say to the purple grape? "breath, stupid!"
                                                                                                                what do you call an old person trying to fit in with today's kids? a dislocated hipster.
                                                                                                        jean shorts on men should be called danny dukes. or daisy dons. or maybe just poor life choices.
                                                                                i recently learned that anecdotal evidence is not scientifically valid a few friends told me how badly it went for them.
                                                                                                  did you hear about the agnostic dyslexic insomniac? he was up all night, wondering if there was a dog.
                                                                                                                                                                                             transphobia
                                                                                           to be honest, i'm not going to be completely happy until facebook implements a 'i wish you were dead' button.
                                                                                                                                               what state is the highest on every top 50 list? colorado.
                                                                                                                            what do dna and diarrhea have in common? they both run in your jeans (genes)
                                                                                                                                              if you don't pay your exorcist... you may get repossessed.
                                                                     did you know, if you get everyone in the uk to lie head to toe in a line across the english channel... ...they would probably drown
                                                                                                              redneck murders are hard to solve there are no dental records and the dna is all the same.
                                                                                                              people are not mirrors, they see you completely differently than the way you see yourself.
                                                                                                                                                 what is a cannibal's favorite type of gum? chick clits.
                                                               wow! snowing everywhe.... it stopped. omg it's starting again and... nvrmind. here it is again, weee...its gone. - snow globe, the story.
                                                                                                                               what did one rock pool say to the other rock  pool? show me your mussels.
                                                                                                                                                                how does a baby wookie get around? ewoks
                                                                                                                                              i drink my alcohol responsibly...spilling is not an option
                                                                                                               someone didnt click the button in /r/thebutton yeah... thats a good joke , he impossible!
                                                                                                                      why aren't there any 'knock, knock' jokes about america? 'cuz freedom rings, baby!
                                                                                                                                                             what washes up on tiny beaches? microwaves.
                                                                                                                                                 what does a vampire drink while on a diet? blood light.
                                                                                                     why are there no knock-knock jokes about america? because freedom rings. happy 4th of july r/jokes!
                                                                                                                                    my wife is calling me jeb bush during sex now i'll never come first.
                                                                                                                                    how did the babysitter lose 500 kids and keep her job? she swallowed
                                                                                                                                                                   it sucks how pizza doesn't grow back.
                                                                                                                                   i support traditional marriage between a man and one of his own ribs.
                                                                                                                                           what do you call a group of girls all named paige? a chapter.
                                                                                      waitress: can i take this out of the way for you? me: [glances at wife] uh...sure wife: she means the plate, idiot
                                                                                        i don't have enough confidence in plumbing to get a drink of water from the faucet while the toilet is flushing.
                                                                 [phone] "tsa, how can i help you?" me: "why did you guys put my frog on the no-fly list?!" agent: "umm..." me: "dammit, he's starving!"
                                                                                                                                                           chuck norris uses beer coasters as shurikens.
                                                                                          i decided to make a website so rednecks can find out and track who their ancestors were... i named it incestry
                                                                                                               why are italians so good at football? because it involves changing sides halfway through.
                                                                                                                                                             why is imgur down? it was over *cat*pacity.
                                                                                                                  take me down to the console city where the games are blurry and the frames are thirty.
                                                             6: can i have ice cream? me: ur room clean? 6: if i clean it can i have ice cream? m: sure 6:*looks at room* thats ok i dont need ice cream
                                                                                                                                       tifu by hooking up with a girl named jenny jk fuck jenny and zach
                                                                                                                                                 what do you calla judge with no thumbs? justice fingers
                                                                                                                                                      what do you call a pessimistic melon? a cantaloupe
                                                                                                                              i've always wondered why baseball was getting bigger ...and then it hit me
                                                                                                                                             the past, present, and future walk into a bar it was tense.
                                                                                                                                      what do you call a russian with tourette's syndrome? yukanol fukov
                                                                                     (true story) so my friend saw me browsing this subreddit and he said... "is this a subreddit for really bad jokes?"
                                                                                                                                            why is bruce wayne's hair messed up? because of his cowlick.
                                                             men can i ask whats up with your all-in-one shampoo/conditioner/body wash/insect repellent/motor oil/mouth wash/sun block/laundry detergent
                                                                                                                                         what do you call an ant who can't play the piano ? discordant !
                                                                                        i entered a contest to see how fast i could eat a clock. i didn't win. the whole ordeal was very time consuming.
                                                                                                                                                                what vegetable likes to party? a turn-up
                                                                                                                                           how do you stop a gang-rape? throw a basketball in the middle
                                                                                                                 anal sex is like your first car.. you dont want it but your dad gives it to you anyway.
                                                                                                                              did you hear about the housing prices in baltimore? i hear they're a riot!
                                                                      "the holocaust didn't happen, buzz aldrin did 9/11 & i wear my mom's panties." - guy who doesn't know how to play 2 truths & a lie
                                                                                                         i swallowed some food coloring. my doctor says i'm ok but i feel like i've dyed a little inside
                                                                                                                                what is the cheapest type of meat? deer testicles. they're under a buck.
                                                                                                                                         if you were 8 yrs old when "red red wine" was released ub40 now
                                                                                                                                             an auk breathes from his ass one day he sits down and dies.
                                                                                                         two fish are in a tank. one looks to the other and asks, "do you know how to drive this thing?"
                                                                                              did you hear that the north american man/boy love association go a new tech support guy? he's an e-nambla.
                                                                                                                                            why can't men get mad cow disease? because all men are pigs.
                                                                                                                    ever hear the one about the midget and the razor blade? me either, it got cut short.
                                                                                                                                                       what do you find in a rythmic bakery? a-bun-dance
                                                                                                father is talking with his son dad: whaddya got there, son? son: soy milk. dad: hola milk, soy tu padre.
                                                                                                                                   one thing you always pay full price for is other people's mistakes...
                                                                                                                                        why did the boy fall off his bike? someone threw a fridge at him
                                                                                                               there's two fish in a tank. one turns to the other and says you man the guns, i'll drive'
                                                                                   what do you call someone who has to pay for sex? buy-sexual (i know it is cheesy, but i thought of it all on my own.)
                                                                                                                                   i met my current girlfriend at a midnight game release it was destiny
                                                                                                                                     i can't fall asleep with all these people honking at me. go around!
                                                                                                                                    new sexual position: the canada. you climb on top and don't do much.
                                                                                                                                                    sex is like cpr. two inches at 100 beats per minute.
                                                                                                                             q: what is the first thing off the truck at a trailer fire?  a: lawn chair.
                                                             "hello, pizza hut" hi, how many slices are on a large pizza? "eight" and a medium? "eight" *long pause* i'd like to speak with your manager
                                                                                                                                                                                         martin shkreli.
                                                                                                                              what did the nazi officer say when he was captured? it's not me; it's jew.
                                                                                                                                "mom look! it's a toy blue-tooth!"(cereal prize in doucheberries crunch)
                                                                                                                                       why don't the police protest against blm? because they have jobs.
                                                                                                                                               what is the most expensive type of prostitute? whoreganic
                                                                                                                          this guy went for an interview with buzzfeed what happened next will shock you
                                                                                                                                                                 what do blind people drive? a cataract.
                                                                                                 : - ,     -     ,          . -     !    ... aneki.kz   : - , !      ! -       ? -  , ?!   !     45    !
                                                    you have to stay in shape. my grandmother  started walking five miles a day when she was 60. she's 97 today and we don't know where the hell she is.
                                                                                          i'm an adult, and i can eat whatever i want whenever i want, and i wish someone would take this power from me.
                                                                                  q: what did the blonde customer say after reading the buxom waitress's name tag? a: "what did you name the other one?"
                                               what do people with huge penises eat for breakfast? well, i had toast. edit: me and /u/nekovivie weren't expecting you to know. cuz^you^have^a^small^dick
                                                                                                                                               what did the dna say to the mrna? "i'm better without u."
                                                     why does peter pan always fly? he neverlands. i really love this joke because it never grows old! [=)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=82ankjvepyk)
                                                                                                                                                                         egyptians don't walk like that.
                                                                                                        "i love it when you call me big papa." -obese dad who's comfortable in his own skin to his child
                                                   cia 'mistakenly' destroys copy of 6,700-page us torture report a cia spokesperson commented, "we meant to destroy the 6,700-page us espionage report"
                                                                                                                                                           so i was on r/news the other day... [removed]
                                                                                 how many blondes does it take to bake chocolate chip cookies? 10....one to bake the cookies, and 9 to peel the m&amp;ms
                                                                                                                                          he called my girlfriend a whore. so i called him an ambulance.
                                                                                                                           why couldn't the traffic light get a date? she was wearing no turn on red. :|
                                                                                                                                   what 3 candies do you find in school? redhots, dumdums, and smarties.
                                                                                  i don't understand christians they say that gambling is wrong, but they bet their entire life on there being a heaven.
                                                                                                        with today's guilty verdict aaron hernandez went from a tight end to a soon to be wide receiver.
                                                                                                             why do programmers drink coffee so much? so they aren't lying when they say they like java.
                                                                                 why was the dictionary on the top shelf more expensive than the one on the bottom... because it was a higher definition
                     someone asked me why my name isn't on the cover of my book. i explained that it's a practice of humility. "ahh, so why then is your name on the title page?" "i'm not that humble!"
                                                                                                      what did hillary clinton do when her email was hacked? she asked donald trump to build a firewall.
                                                                                                            dear high school reunions, you are now obsolete. please contact facebook with any questions.
                                                                                                                                                                       a dyslexic guy walked into a bra.
                                                                                                        i thought my wife had tourette syndrome. turns out i am a cunt and she does want me to fuck off.
                                                                                                              q. what did the banana say to the vibrator? a. why are you shaking? she's going to eat me!
                                                                                                                                                                how does one make a nazi? with a ropesy.
                                                                                                       what does it mean when a groundhog sees a maple leaf on feb. 02? ...six more weeks of bad hockey!
                                                                                              how many protesters does it take to change a light bulb? trick question. protesters never change anything.
                                                                                                                 what do jfk, john lennon and donald trump have in common? nothing. but a man can dream.
                                                            in every teen body-swap film there's that moment where they look in the mirror & are shocked to see an adult. that's my morning routine now.
                                                                                             my girlfriend says that i am snoopy. but ok, maybe she meant it differently when she wrote it in her diary.
                                                                                                                                                                           static methods won't get this
                                                               i finally got some me time away from the kids. two whole hours. it would've been longer but my legs went numb crouching behind the dryer.
                                                             look. life is bad. evryones sad. we're all gona die. but i alredy bought this inflatable boumcy castle so r u gona take ur shoes off or wat
                                                                                                                                 chivalry is so not dead. most guys ask where you want it when they cum.
                                                                                                                                why did the baby kangaroo not want to grow up? it was a wannabe wallaby!
                                                                                                                                    what did the vet say to the dog he just castrated? no hard feelings.
                                                                                                                                               a guy walks into a bar........ wait for it........ "ouch"
                                                                                                                         all of the other reindeer were secretly watching red-nose-on-regular-nose porn.
                                                                                                                                                             i drive an audi to compensate for my innie.
                                                                                                                                                                    what is a cation afraid of? a dogion
                                                              "well, congrats. you're a homeowner now. any questions?" "yeah. sam put those glasses on ebay, why didn't the decepticons just bid on em?"
                                                                                                                                                          responsibilities and feelings should not exist
                                                                                                                                 i'll drink responsibly when there is a brand of vodka named responsibly
                                                                                                                                            are you bad wifi? because i see there is no connection here.
                                                                                                                          what do you call an obese terrorist who plays for the yankees? derek bin jeter
     the windows update reminder to restart your computer is like a little kid. you tell it that you'll restart later, so it goes away, then it pops up again in two minutes and says "ok, it's later!".
                                                                                                                                                  what's the addams family's favorite cocktail? mortinis
                                                                                                                      are you sure we haven't met before? because i feel like i hate you from somewhere.
                                                                                                                                                   what type of jeans does mario wear? denim denim denim
                                                                                                    what is a vegetable's favorite singer? elvis parsley what is a fly's favorite singer? gnat king cole
                                                                                          i've been reading a lot about how to live and eat healthier and then not doing anything with that information.
                                                                                                                                              a group of held hands can raise your spirits. it's seance!
                                                             there must've been a good reason zimmerman pulled a gun on his wife. like, maybe she was walking down the street, minding her own business.
                                                                                                                                               a man gets into an argument with his wife... ...and wins.
                                                                                                                         my wife has the body of a 16 year old schoolgirl... she keeps it in the fridge.
                                                                                                                                         which us president was least guilty? lincoln. he was in a cent.
                                                                    i read my horoscope today... it said i was gonna come into some money... which is weird because i usually just come into a tissue...
                                                                                                                                                      i have a step stool... i never knew my real stool.
                                                                                   i was on the treadmill for 20 minutes this morning. tomorrow i might even turn it on, but let's not rush into things.
                                                                                                                      what do you get if you cross islam and capitalism? no more jokes about the profit.
                                                                                                                                                         what do you call a water on a baby deer? fondue
                                                                                                                      what do you call a dog with no legs? nothing, because he ain't coming over to you.
                                                                                                                        our last fight was my fault.. my wife asked me "whats on the tv?" i said "dust."
                                                                                                        i accidentally muted the command switch on my driverless car... ...well, it goes without saying.
                                                                    i had to remove the battery from my carbon monoxide detector. the constant beeping was giving me a headache and making me feel sick.
                                                                                                                  why wasn't christ born in ireland? because they couldn't find 3 wise men and a virgin.
                                                                                                                why does a giraffe need such a long neck? because its head is so far away from its body.
                                                                                                  now that it's all blown over, those alton towers victims should look on the bright side. free parking.
                                                                                                                                                                                   why math is like sex?
                                                                                                                    a fly gets hit by a truck. what is the last thing to go through it's head? it's arse
                                                                apparently when your girlfriend asks which of her friends you would like to have a threesome with you are only supposed to say one name.
                                                                                                                                 i'm applying for a position as a mall cop.... it has good job security.
                                                                                                     what's the difference between a dead dog and a black guy on the road dead dog has skidd marks on it
                                                                                                       i went to a psychic today. ended up accidentally breaking her crystal ball. it cost me a fortune.
                                                                                                             blond dog q: why does a blond dog have lumps on his head? a: he's been chasing parked cars.
                                                              once again, overheard my 13yo tell someone that i was born in the 1900s. now i want to hide under the covers and stab all her teddy bears.
                                                                                                                                          what do you call a computer that can sing really well? a dell.
                                                                                                                                                                   how i flirt: *stares from a distance*
                                                              hillary: i'm sick and tired of these baseless accusations the media: aha! you see?! she admits it! not only is she sick, she's also tired!
                                                                                                                                         a giraffe walks into a bar... and says, "high balls are on me!"
                                                                                                                                                        i found this joke today haha april fools bitches
                                                                                                                                     what did the duck say when he bought lipstick? "put it on my bill."
                                                                                                                          my friends call me an attention whore, but that can't be true just look at me!
                                                                                                                             i spend half of my time thinking about fractions well, not exactly half....
                                                                                                   after seeing a commercial for toddlers in tiaras, i realise darth vader wasn't the worst parent ever.
                                                                                                                                      the square was killed 10 minutes ago... the killer must be a-round
                                                                 q: how do you put an elephant in a refrigerator? a: step one: open the door. step two: put the elephant in. step three: close the door.
                                                                                              so we've all heard the "7, 8, 9 joke" before.... well then why was 2 sad? because it went 1-3! (i'm sorry)
                                                                                                                                       are you getting older and wiser? no he's getting older and wider!
                                                                                                                                                            what do you call an agreeable ghost? boo-ya!
                                                                                                                                 why do females love old gynecologists... because of their shaky fingers
                                             why did jill fall off the swing? because she had no arms. why did she not get back up? because she had no legs. what did jill get for christmas? a bicycle.
                                                                                                                                        whats the best way to go cliff diving? without the body of water
                                                                                                                they say you can't skip leg day ironically it is because of leg day that you can't skip.
                                                                                                                                                 what did cinderella say when she got to the ball? *gag*
                                                                                    what do you call it when an eevee (pokemon) evolves into what you want with no interruptions? directv (say it aloud)
                                                                                                                                         there was a dyslexic devil worshipor. he sold his soul to santa
                                                                                                                                    obama sure is waiting until the last minute to take everyone's guns.
                                                                             what do you call the act of turning over in bed to switch from the missionary position to doggy style? a sexual revolution.
                  ascent bpo, ascent bpo services, ascent bpo services pvt ltd ascent bpo, ascent bpo services, ascent bpo services pvt ltd ascent bpo, ascent bpo services, ascent bpo services pvt ltd
                                                                                                              hey man, settle an argument for me? "sure" [handing him a sword] great, he's just in there
                                                                                       what's the difference between an epileptic farmer and a prostitute with diarrhea? the farmer shucks between fits.
                                                                                                                             my girl stayed true and my dog didn't die, i'm sober ~no country song ever.
                                                        two windmills walk into a bar... they had a good moment. ___________________________ hopefully there's some engineering joke lovers out there :)
                                                                                      *releases swarm of killer wasps* - attack! *wasps fly off harmlessly in all directions* - hmm... time for plan bee
                                                                                                                                                                whats black and rhymes with snoop dr dre
                                              president of columbia has announced that the country is going into severe economic depression... ...since the deaths of amy winehouse and whitney houston.
                                                                                              why do jewish men get circumcised as youth. jewish women won't touch anything that's not at least 10% off.
                                                                                                                why wasn't jesus christ born in alabama? they couldn't find three wise men and a virgin.
                         teacher: why are you late!? me: there was a man who lost a $100 bill..teacher: that's nice. were you helping him look for it? me: no, i was standing on it until he fucked off.
                                                              arrogant co-worker: do you have any idea how many years of education i have? me: don't feel bad, i got held back a couple of times myself.
                                                                                                             a local caricature artist got arrested today i always thought he was a sketchy type of guy.
                                                                                                                           autocorrect has been around for centuries, i got mine when i married my wife.
                                                                                                                     why didn't helen keller scream when she fell off the cliff? she was wearing mittens
                                                                                                                                                        why is math book so sad? it has many problems...
                                                          tom brady is a clever mastermind he learned from another great american hero named tom and convinced bill belichick to whitewash his offenses.
                                                                             i am the michelangelo of writing research papers. he started the sistine chapel ceiling the night before it was due, right?
                                                                                                           why are taylor swift's songs always a hit? (warning pokemon joke) because swift never misses.
                                                                                                                   what do you call a sleeping dinosaur? a dinosnore! ps: caillou is the best show ever.
                                                                      what did one passive aggressive republican say to the passive aggressive democrat? i don't know, let me go check my facebook feed.
                                                                                                                                           i had a teacher that refused to fail anyone... no "f"s given.
                                                                                  so i'm not showing up to any halloween parties this year... i'll be telling everyone i'm malaysia airlines flight 370.
                                                                                                                                              bad sign. my fortune cookie just said, "abdominal cramps".
                                                             a zendetta is when you launch a blood feud against a killer who murdered your entire family, but remain pretty chill about the whole thing.
                                                                                                                  why don't you invite a comcast worker to your party? because nobody likes his company!
                                                                                                                                          i just joined a tourettes club took 5 hours to get sworn in...
                                                                                                                   i was looking for a dating website with lots of christians so i joined ashley madison
                                                                                                                                                     inside jokes are bitterly resented by the homeless.
                                                                                                                                                                 70% of my enemies were once my friends.
                                                                                                                                         i joined a cribbage cult recently they practice peggin' rituals
                                                                                what's the difference between an american and a british prostitute?... ...one pounds for work the other works for pounds
                                                                                                                                                          to my student loans i am forever in your debt.
                                                                                                              what's the easiest way for a gorilla hunter to make money? collect unemployment insurance!
                                                                                                                         why do midgets always laugh when playing soccer? the grass tickles their balls!
                                                                                     women are like bacon, they smell great, taste delicious and kill you slowly. men are like bacon because we're pigs.
                                                                                                                                       what do you call a woman that is beautiful and smart? an actress.
                                                                                                                   my trademark fight move is to ask someone very nicely not to hit me or be mean to me.
                                                                                                                                              give a woman an inch and she probably won't call you back.
                                                                                                                          how do you piss off a transgender? i'm sure the title will be enough to do it.
                                                                                                    evryone shutup im trying to paper mache my dog but he keeps trying to reading the newspaper articles
                                                                                 relationship status: praying for telemarketers to call so i can experience human contact as i slowly dissolve into dust
                                                                                                   the pope is hardly the first person to lose interest in their real job so soon after joining twitter.
                                                                                                                                         what do you call a graveyard built on sandstone? a sedimentary.
                                                                                                                     i'm not usually vengeful, but when i am it's because someone gave my kid a whistle.
                                                                     teenage jesus: hey dad, why you wearing that crucifix? god: it's an idea i have for a public holiday. tj: huh? g: it's complicated.
                                                                      lady at the dollar store checked to see if my $20 was fake. like if i could counterfeit money i'd be shopping at the dollar store.
                                                                                                                       how do you stop guys like donald trump from saying racist things? you muzzle 'em.
                                                                         it's hard not to bring up the fact i'm vegan whenever people talk about food or a new restaurant or that their mom just died or
                                                                      i finally mustard up the courage to tell my gf how i felt about her excessive sausage consumption things took a turn for the wurst
                                                                                                                                                  my viagra addiction ..was the hardest time of my life.
                                                                                                                  pretty sure dora goes on crazy adventures with a monkey because her mom is on twitter.
                                                                             whats worse, being a vegan inmate or non vegan? or non vegan inmate* depends on whether you want to eat meat or toss salad.
                                                                                                                                              i made my wife dinner tonight she was great with bbq sauce
                                                                           how many africans does it take to change a lightbulb? five, one to change it, and four to dance around for no fucking reason.
                                                                                                                         how do you stop a 200 pound hamster from charging? take away it's credit cards.
                                                                                                                                what do you get if you cross an eel with a shopper? a slippery customer.
                                                                                                      i hit 2k followers. now that i've gathered you all here, i'd like to discuss the benefits of amway
                                                                                                                                               911: what is your emergency? me: he read but didn't reply
                                                                                                                                                storm what do call if it was raining nazis? a heil storm
                                                                                             carl: everybody was kung fu fighting! doug: um, i don't know kung f-- carl: except for doug from accounting
                                                                                                                                                             when i call you hun, it's short for atilla.
                                                                                                               fun prank: text a girl "we need to talk right now" and then throw your phone into a river
                                                                                                                                                        what's better, google or yahoo? let's google it.
                                                                                             these days people treat their cellphones like its a baby... ..except i never laugh when i drop my cellphone
                                                                 people keep pushing me around and calling me lazy... i don't care what they say though this wheelchair is the best thing i ever bought!
                                          i think the girl i just met may be a goddess... because even though she's never talked to me, later tonight billions will be massacred by my hand in her name.
                                                                             what does donald trump call the space between his balls and his butthole? the bridge. it connects his courage to his ideas.
                                                                                                          i'm not surprised the seahawks chose to pass... lynch was only there so he wouldn't get fined.
                                                                                                     snoop dogg announced he's quitting rapping to open an ice cream shop. he's now known as scoop dogg.
                                                                       if you held a gun to my head and forced me to choose tobey maguire's spider-man or andrew garfield's, i'd probably shit my pants.
                                                                                               i told my hairdresser to just take a little bit off. it makes me more relaxed when i can see her breasts.
                                                                                                             what do gta and the third reich have in common? if you have a star, you are getting chased.
                                                                                                          what was the man running around ? - from my 5yr old son because he wanted to catch some sleep.
                                                                                                                                                          what is hodor's favorite cereal? raisin' bran.
                                                               how many redditors does it take to change a lightbulb? sorry, your quest to whore karma is currently unavailable. please try again later.
                                                                                                                                                  i say no to alcohol every day. it just doesn't listen.
                                                                                        "oh, thank god. i'm still a dog"  what dogs probably think when they wake up from one of their little nightmares
                                                                   i wish people would reserve "awesome" for truly awe-inspiring things like the grand canyon, moon landing, and this ranch dressing omg
                                                                 job interview: "what's your greatest weakness?" "honesty." "i don't think honesty is a weakness." "i don't give a fuck what you think."
                                                                                                  although bugs bunny starred in many cartoons, why did he die a pauper? he ate all the cabbage he made.
                                                                                                                                                  what's black and steals your change? vending machines.
                                                                                                                                                  what's the best way to lose some pounds? leave the eu.
                                                                                                                                 what do you call it when a brunette dyes her hair blonde? brainwashing.
                                                                                                                                  you really gotta hand it to short people... because we can't reach it.
                                                                                                                     sarah jessica parker walks into a bar the bartender asks her "why the long face?" !
                                                                                                                              what's the difference between matter and a hormone? you can't make matter.
                                                                                                                                        you're not drunk if you can lie on the floor without holding on.
                                                                                                             men should never wear a saran wrap skirt to a job interview... they'll clearly see yer nuts
                                                                                                                   why can't asian couples have a caucasian child? because two wongs don't make a white.
                                                                                                what is the similarity between a projector and an ugly prostitute? both work better with the lights off.
                                how many unemployed actors does it take to change a light bulb? (fixed) 100. 1 to change it and 99 to stand around and complain about how they coulda done a better job.
                                                                          why are blood oranges the only "blood" fruit? why not blood bananas? who wouldn't like to slurp down a nice ripe blood banana?
                                                                                                                            have you seen that old movie about the kkk? i hear it's a real cult classic.
                                                                                                                                             one girl, two cups would be a terrible name for a bra shop.
                                                                                                why women fail at saving money? have you ever seen a money-box (piggy bank) with a hole at the bottom...
                                                                                                                                    what do you get if you cross a phone with a rooster? a wake-up call!
                                                                                             maybe i have a bunny in my pants, maybe that's why i'm putting this salad in my pockets, you don't know me.
                                                                                                                              what do you say to your sister when she's crying? are you having a crisis?
                                                                     my younger dog can go to sleep in about 4 seconds. the older one takes about 6 because she's got more shit to worry about, i guess.
                                                                                                                          i started 2016 with a goal to lose 20 pounds only 30 more to go and i'm there!
                                                                                                                                          what is the opposite of christopher reeves? christopher walken
                                                                                                                                 so my new girlfriend plays soccer professionally i think she's a keeper
                                                                                                                       if i got $1 every time somebody called me sexist i would walk free of a rape case
                                                                                          what is the longest word in the english language? smiles: there is a mile between the first and last letters!"
                                                                                                                                                                   how does jesus like his meat? saviory
                                                                                                    sitting while wearing shorts is a fun way to make your thighs look like they escaped sausage casing.
                                                                                        every morning when i wake up i wonder to myself, "is today going to be the day that lou bega drops mambo no. 6?"
                                                                                    how do you sell a dog to someone hard of hearing? get really close to their ear and shout, "do you wanna buy a dog?"
                                                                                                             what will the sequel to lake placid that takes place 50 years later be called? lake flaccid
                                                                                                       i just burned 2000 calories. that's the last time i leave brownies in the oven when i take a nap.
                                                                                                                              i bet most braille on public signs says: "how did you know this was here?"
                                                                                                                              the man who invented autocorrect just died. his funfair will be on monkey.
                                                                                                                          where do you take a chihuahua that has fallen into  a lake? to a weterinarian!
                                                                                              this coworker is about to find out walking around smiling on a monday always leads to workplace accidents.
                                                                                                  i was in a bank yesterday and all the money just floated out the door by itself. it was a polterheist.
                                                                                                                  xerox and wurlitzer are going to merge... they're going to market reproductive organs.
                                                       black joke q. what do black guys have that's double the size of white men and gets bigger every time they touch a woman? a. their criminal record
                                                                                                                                                   why can't you trust an atom? they make up everything.
                                                                                                                               why can't you insult jewish people? because they've already been roasted.
                            nsfw. my wife and i had not had sex in a couple months but this morning she woke up randy... he is our neighbor and said her music was up too loud. we still havent had sex.
                                                                                                             which traffic sign allows you to make a u-turn on a highway in the us? welcome to louisiana
                                                                                                               q: what is your least favorite force of nature? a: gravity. it's always bringing me down.
                                                                                                                                         bumper sticker: we got rid of the kids, the cat was allergic...
                                                                                                                      why did the solar wind start having hot flashes? it was experiencing magnetopause.
                                                                                                                               how do you pick up a girl from auschwitz..... with a broom and a dustpan.
                                                                                                        i broke up with my girlfriend because i'm pretty religious i'm a presbyterian, and she was satan
                                                                                                                          why do penguins eat fish? because donuts get soggy before they can catch them.
                                                                                                                                        what vegetable is the favourite of british people? queuecumbers.
                                                                                                                                                                what do you call a blind german? a nazi.
                                                                                                                              i hear sisyphus was a musical genius the original master of rock and roll!
                                                              my stalker sucks. she needs to try harder. i always have to keep going & finding her. it's like i'm following her around. it's ridiculous.
                                                                          we've all heard of whistler's mother.... but what about whistler's father? i guess you could say that he's out of the picture.
                                                                                                            why didn't hannibal lecter have any friends as a kid? he was told not to play with his food.
                                                                                                                                                           get-rich-quick schemes rarely make much cents
                                     [nsfw] i just came up with the female version of the, 'helping jack off the bus' joke. if you had a vietnamese friend named gina, wold you ask her to eat pho gina?
                                                                                                                         how did the chihuahua disappear on the road?  it was using a hide-'n-go-seekle!
                                                                                                                    i watch zombie movies to prepare myself if one day it really happens. same for porn.
                                                                                                                                                 did you hear about the man who got aids? he was fucked.
                                                                                                                                     why is crack a "rock"? because it's as hard to get off as alcatraz.
                                                      a roman receives a text message.... a roman receives a text message and looks at it confused. "why does it end with twenty?" he thinks to himself.
                                                              [elementary school] bully: gimme your lunch money me: no b: *grabs me by shirt* i said give it m: ok but this has to stop i'm your teacher
                                                                                                                                  why do ninjas make bad porn stars? because nobody can see them coming.
                                                                                                      i put out a want ad for a psychic... it said, "you know when and where to show up. don't be late."
                                                                          u can call me childish but when me and my ex broke up i used to go to her house ring the door bell and run away for few months
                         what's the difference between having a job and being a homeless drug addict? one takes over your life and turns you into brainless zombie and the other one makes you homeless.
      doctor then says to pagliacci... "new treatment. get on stage and forget vagueness and uncertainty, or else the twelve guys i've already sent to go see you are going to fucking kill themselves."
                                                                            a copy of mein kampf that belonged to hitler was sold at auction for over $20,000... to an anonymous presidential candidate.
                                                                                                            doctor doctor no one believes a word i  say. tell me the truth now what's your real problem?
                                                                                                                        dating tip: if you want a girl to hold you tight, start pushing her off a cliff.
                                                                                                         why did the freshly circumcised penis experience uncontrollable road rage? someone cut him off.
                                                     what's the difference between a lamborghini and a pile of dead babies? oh wait, i don't have a garage. sorry neighbor i'll clean them out tomorrow.
                                                                                                                                          [at goodwill store] *buys pants that i gave them 6 months ago*
                                                                                                             google just returned 3,250,000,000 results for my search. cancel my afternoon appointments.
                                                                                                                             if i can use dollar bills to make it rain, are dollar coins golden showers?
                                                                          i have twin brothers named juan and amal. i only carry a picture of one of them because if you've seen juan, you've seen amal.
                                                                                                      pamela anderson joke what do you call the space between pamela anderson's breasts? silicon valley.
                                                                                                                                  fur coats will make you into a man they really put hair on your chest.
                                                                 there is a new barbie doll on the market - human cannonball barbie ...complete with spring-loaded cannon that will shoot her 15-20 feet
                                                                                                                                 what is it called when a person pretends to use the toilet. a sham poo.
                                                                                                                        the new iphone 6s plus is going to be a smash hit. yeah, i heard it's a huge 6s.
                                                                                                                                                                why did windows skip 9? because 7 ate 9.
                                                                                                                                                                 circles. i don't see the point in them.
                                                                                                my girlfriend says she's going to leave me because i have a gambling problem but i think she's bluffing.
                                                                                                  i'm handling monday the same way i handle constipation. gritting my teeth and wishing it pass already.
                                                                                when you open your heart to someone, there is blood. lots and lots of blood. and then you die. so don't open your heart.
                                                                                                                                                                        a dyslexic man walks into a bra.
                        i brought a pet iguana home from the pet store... i think there's something wrong with him because he's very lethargic and i can't get him up. it must be a reptile dysfunction.
                                                                           the butter churner asked the milk "whats wrong..." the milk responded "im just a bit stirred up but ill be butter in a while"
                                                                                                                                  sometimes i wake up grumpy... ... but some times i just let her sleep.
            an old man says to the doctor "i piss like a horse at 6 each morning, poop like a goose at 7." the doctor says "then what's the problem?" the old man says "i don't get out of bed until 8."
                                                                                                                                           what will you find in the toilet of a ship? the captains log.
                                                                                                                   why is heaven a paradise for the common man? because all the politicians are in hell.
                                                             tmz reportedly has a copy of a dora the explorer sextape which shows dora having sex, using drugs and making racially insensitive comments.
                                                                                                                                    you know what happened when your mom went swimming? the titanic sank
                                                                                         my friend came crying to me after he crashed his brand new swedish car but i didn't want to hear his saab story
                                                                                                                                                      what's a chemist's favourite porn fetish? propanal
                                                                                                                     if you take an asian man and spin him around 3 times... does he become disoriented?
                                                                        anyone who can tell if they're speeding up or slowing down a ceiling fan on the first try is a wizard and should not be trusted.
                                                                                        i was asked by a feminist how i viewed lesbian relationships i guess in hd was not the answer she was expecting.
                                         i was walking my dog when a man approached me. he said, "my car's just broken down. could you give me a push?" "of course," i said. then he fell into the bush.
                                                                                                                                                                   [god creating ants] anteater: finally
                                                                                                                    on a scale of newlyweds to married 25 years, how willing are you to admit i'm right?
                                                                                                                                                                 i highly recommend anything. - stoners.
                                                                                                             *lowers raised hand. where's the nearest cycle path you meant? thought you said psychopath.
                                                                                                                                                   bought a sled on sale in boston got a real tobahgain.
                                                                                                                                                 if turkey was attacked from the rear would greece help?
                                                                                                                             riff raff should name his next album "street rat." 'cause i won't buy that.
                                                                                                                  what do you do with 365 used condoms? roll them up into a tire and call it a goodyear?
                                                                                                                            what is your best lawyer joke? i need some new material for the court house.
                                                                                             i'm glad the chicago cubs finally won the world series. 108 years of hibernation just doesn't seem healthy.
                                                                                                                 you know the times have changed... when portugal leaves brazil without taking any gold.
                                                                                        "i'd hit that." clearly what my head thinks about cupboard doors and other hard surfaces when i least expect it.
                                                             i got my wisdom teeth out solely to make a cute viral video of what i said coming out of anaesthesia, but i used the n-word too many times.
                                                                                                "how old is your girlfriend?" "she's52" "haha, dude, she could be your mom!" "yeah, actually it's yours"
                                                             doctor: "you have lost a lot of blood." me: "that's not good." doctor: "it's not. you are the worst manager this blood bank has ever seen."
                                                                                                                                             chuck norris uses 8'x10' sheets of plywood as toilet paper.
                                                                                                                                           what's a dead baby's favorite holiday beverage? infanticider.
                                                                                                           when you think about it, mariah carey and drew carey don't even look like sister and brother.
                                                                                                                                                        "you're going to poop me." --lazy fortune cookie
                                                                                                                  how can you tell that pirates hid the communist manifesto because an "x" marx the spot
                                                                                                               "you gotta keep 'em separated!" -the dude from the offspring whenever he's doing laundry.
                                                                                                            what's the 4th grade essay in the detroit school district? what i want to be *if* i grow up.
                                                                                                                               weed doesn't make you stupid, you were stupid before you smoked the weed.
                                                                                                                                                                   idaho the official potato of your mom
                                                                                                     they named a cricket tournament after my friend's grandfather. they call it the ashes for a reason.
                                                             i didn't sleep well last night so i made my coffee with redbull instead of water. i got half way to work before i realized i forgot my car.
                                                                                          touching story there is a boy and girl, the boy touched the girl, girl touched the boy. what a touching story.
                                                                                                when i said that i wanted to be a comedian, everyone laughed well, now i'm here, and no one is laughing.
                                                                                                                          what do white supremacists send their toddlers to before kindergarten? pre-kkk
                                                      to the people that post 15 pics of your kid everyday,your kid looks exactly the same as they did ystrdy,and the day before,and the day before that
                                                                                                            how did luke skywalker know what darth vader got him for his birthday? he felt his presents.
                                                                                                                                 what's donald trump's least favorite music band of all time? foreigner.
                                                                                                                                   why aren't sjw's allowed in the military? they are too trigger-happy.
                                                                                                                                                         how do all races end in the desert? in a cacti!
                                                                                                                   i saw a muslim guy do a double backflip off his friend's shoulders today. it was sikh
                                                                                                           what famous hotel chain do muslims prefer when travelling on religious holidays? ramadamadan.
                                                                                                                                   what did the salmon say to his shy japanese girlfriend? don't be koi.
                                                               what's the difference between an epileptic clamshell-shucker and a prostitute with diarrhea? the clamshell-shucker shucks between fits...
                                                                                             the people of baltimore played gta yesterday... tonight they will see the national guard play call of duty.
                                                           how do you make a duck into a soul singer? put it in the oven at ~~three fifty~~ tree fiddy until it's bill withers. edit:summoning happened.
                                                                                                                                               what do you get when you plant a loaf of bread? a bakery.
                                                            i wonder if both wright brothers were behind their inventions, or it was just one & their mother yelling "wilbur, you include your brother!"
                                                                                  what's the difference between the english rugby team and a teabag? a teabag stays in the cup longer! (im so sorry ;-;)
                                                                                                                                        apparently this walmart cashier only brushes her favorite teeth.
 when i'm on reddit when i'm drunk on reddit: "perhaps an up vote for this fine sir, he provided intriguing content." when i'm sober on reddit: "you shall all be down voted! no one shall be up voted!"
                                                                                                                                                            incontinence hotline could you hold, please?
                                                                                                                                               "hire me or i'll eat your family." -effective bear resume
                                                                                     i'm all out of damns to give, and only have a few flying f*cks left... but i'm saving those for a special occasion.
                                                                                                         two hipsters walked into a bar. one did it before it was cool and the second did it ironically.
                                                                                                                         what is whitney houston's best kind of coordination? hand eyyyyyyyyyyyyyyeeeeee
                                                                                                                                   why are boy scouts such great murderers? because they leave no trace.
                  two potatoes on a street corner there are two potatoes on a street corner. how can you tell which one is the prostitute? it's the one with the little sticker on it that says i-da-ho!
                                                                                                              whats the difference between congress and a condom? you can only fit one dick in a condom.
                                                                 parents, forget about teaching your kids about the birds and the bees. teach your kids the difference between their, they're and there.
                                                                                                                                                                          twitter: where #hash is legal.
                             my girlfriend just dumped me for talking too much about video games (alternate) but my preferred style in bed is up, up, down, down, left, right, left, right, b, a, start.
                                                                                              "omg there's a picture of him blowing smoke out of his mouth. i must bang him this instant"- no one, ever.
                                                                                                                                                        throwing acid is wrong... in some people's eyes.
                                                                                                  according to einstein's theory of relativity, chuck norris can actually roundhouse kick you yesterday.
                                                                                                         did you guys hear about joan rivers? the mortuary got $32 at the recycling center for her body.
                                                                                                                          ghost joke how could a ghost have two moms one of them has to be a transparent
                                                                                  what do you call a fat, smelly hermaphodite who gives blow jobs under the bridge for a nickel? well, you call her mom.
                                                     no sin mi supervision jaimito mama mama! puedo usar el coche? -no sin mi supervision jaimito! -ui perdon por no tener superpoderes como tu!! jajaja
                                                                                                                                                                what do you call a female driver? carol.
                                                                                                                                     how much does nicki minaj sell security devices for? pound an alarm
                                                                                                                                            i used to steal jokes.... ....i still do. but i used to too.
                                                                                                                                                 why do pigs run from medicine? they hate getting cured.
                                                                                                                                  what did the pickle say to the cucumber? come on in the water's brine!
                                                                                                               i totally understand how batteries feel because i'm rarely ever included in things either
                                                                                                                              how did the roman feel when he cannibalized his nagging wife? glad-he-ater
                                                                                 i order so much chinese food the delivery guy must think i'm a middle aged divorced homicide detective in an 80s movie.
                                                                                                     what's the difference between sex and a corporation? in sex the person on top does most of the work
                                                                                                                                            who's the most forgettable disney/pixar character? bing-bong
                                                                                                                             alcohol is never the answer...... unless the question is, "what is c2h5oh?"
                                                               i kinda like zombies...but can we go ahead & decide whether they can run fast or just walk?...my apocolypse plans depend on it....thanks!
                                                                                                                                                  what's 6.9? the share one gets in an oral-sex tensome.
                                                                                                                                          fat joke you are so fat, your shadow died from a heart attack.
                                                                                                                                                                'i' before 'e' , except after 'c' weird.
                                                                                                                             i'm very pleased with my new fridge magnet. so far i've got twelve fridges.
                                                                                                                                               what do you call a psychoanalysis game show? family freud
                                                                                                                                  if opposites truly attract, the correct life strategy is to be a loser
                                                                                                                  my friend took my mood ring without my permission. i'm not sure how i feel about that.
                                                                                                                                                                          do babies know they're stupid?
                                                                      they should harvest the excess fat from fat people to turn into fossil fuels, to solve the world energy problems. or world hunger.
                                                                                                                         each time my husband yells for the warriors an angel (me) uses his credit card.
                                                                                                                                             q: what do you call a cat who eats lemons? - a: a sourpuss!
                                                                                                                                  did you hear about the constipated chancellor? he couldn't budge it :p
                                                                                                                what do you call an asian wearing contacts? customization. get it?? custom eyes asian!!!
                                                                              apparently "cheesecake & tacos" wasn't the answer the interviewer was looking for when he asked me what my weaknesses are.
                                                                                            tbt - what's the difference between bill clinton and a screwdriver? one turns in screws, one screws interns.
                                                              five years after the financial meltdown, isn't it time to recognize that 'the financial meltdown' would be an amazing name for a sandwich?
                                                                                                 my wife...she says i can be a jerk some times i think it's nice of her to give me permission like that.
                                                                                                         they say a dog can retrieve a tennis ball from over a mile away. seems a bit far fetched to me.
                                                                                                                                                    what's up? some movie about an old guy and balloons.
                                                                                                                                                    dragons have tattoos of asian chicks on their backs.
                                                                                                                                                   yo mama so ugly even rice krispies won't talk to her!
                                                                                                               if you ever feel like you're bad at your job, remember at least you don't work in polling
                                                                                                                my standards for women are way too high you could almost say they're... double standards
                                                      i don't understand why obama has to give his speeches behind bullet proof glass. i mean,i know he's black and all, but i doubt he'll shoot anyone.
                                                                                                                      why did the chemist give up a singing career? he could not hit any of the ketones.
                                                                                                                                       what's yellow and always points to the north?  a magnetic banana.
                                                                dear grocery store clerk, what part of me searching madly and paying in nickels & dimes suggests i can donate a dollar to the food bank?
                                                                                                                                                                    four guys walk into a bar one ducked
                                                                                                            i think single ply toilet paper is very spiritual. i easily get in touch with my inner self.
                                                                                                                                               what is the best way to lose money? a: lend it to greece.
                                                                                                                              what do you call a dead body and two planks? a "build your own jesus" kit.
                                                                  1. omg will this ever end? 2. omg will this ever end? 3. omg will this ever end? -top 3 things on my mind when i'm in a a conversation
                                                                                                                                                              *licks the fire in your soul *burns tongue
                                                                                 sometimes i wonder if i need to spell it out to people.. but then i realised i typed it, so i already did spell it out.
                                                                                                                                         i don't trust a taxi cab that has more than two air fresheners.
                                                                                                                           why did the dog go to the vets? he was pawly. i'm sorry. i'll see myself out.
                                                                                     you should always stay the night with a farmer's daughter... their morning routine begins with a cock in their ear.
                                                                                                                           i'll stop gnawing the ends off violins when they stop looking like cinnabons.
                                                                                                             what do you tell a girl with 2 black eyes? nsfw nothing! you already told that bitch twice.
                                                                                                                    why is whacking a donald trump pinata a really *bad* idea? because it's full of shit
                                                                 so it's okay for the cat to run away and hide under the bed when visitors turn up. but when i do it, i'm "antisocial". i call bullshit.
                                                                                                                                                                                  how long is a chinaman
                                                                   men you know how they say "why buy the cow if you get the milk for free?" well i say, "why buy the whole pig for a little sausage..."
                                                                                                                                                        do you have space... for my peepee in your butt?
                                                                                                                        have you seen www.lockeddoor.com? yes but i found it very difficult to get into.
                                                                                                                                          i hate to rub it in, but lotion doesn't really work otherwise.
                                                                                                              i've spent the past few months looking for my ex-boyfriends' killer but no one will do it.
                                                                                         my sister bet me $100 i couldn't build a car out of spaghetti you should have seen her face when i drove pasta.
                                                                                     i think my bank is trying to get me to become a gymnast. they keep sending me letters about my outstanding balance.
                                         difference between a genealogist and a gynecologist? a genealogist spends there time looking up old family and a gynecologist spends time looks up old friends!
                                                                                      people are always asking me, "when are you going to learn to drive?" i don't think they feel very safe in my taxi.
                                                                                                                                                                               how to make a cat go woof
                                                                        two muffins are in a oven... the first muffin says, "damn it's hot in here.", the second one says, "holy crap a talking muffin!"
                                                                                                                                        what do you call a russian, homophobic, golfer? vladimir putting
                                                                                                    what is the strongest animal? a racehorse because it can take hundreds of people for a ride at once!
                                                                                                                                                                what is a calculators favorite food? pi!
                                                                          hanukkah matata to all jewish redditors! it means no worries! except for the worries you have about disappointing your mother.
                                                                                                               men taking pictures of their outfits on instagram is why we will lose the next world war.
                                                                                                                                           how do you start a rave in africa? glue toast to the ceiling.
                                                                                                         how do you get spiderwebs out of your hair? asking because spider-man... i mean... just asking.
                                                                                         on one hand, eating meat is bad for your body, bad for animals and bad for the earth. on the other hand, bacon.
                                                                        my new hobby is sitting outside on campus at night in my 1940s clothes and when people say things to me, i say "you can see me?"
                                              when a man sleeps with a lot of women.... ....he's called a stud. when a woman sleeps with a lot of men, she's called your mum. -another gem by jimmy carr
                                                                                                                                        in italy, they call me olive oil its because im extra virgin. :(
                                                                                                                                   what sexual position produces the ugliest babies? go ask your mother.
                                                                                                                                                    what do you call an igloo without a toilet ? an ig !
                                                                                                                                                                three guys walked into a bar and stopped
                                                                                                                                  the most powerful words other than i love you is "salary is credited" 
                                                                                                                                                                             the england cricket team...
                                                                                    the road runner is a pretentious, cocky fucking asshole and deserves to be eaten. beep beep that shit, motherfucker.
                                                                                                                    how do all racist jokes start? *scans over left shoulder, scans over right shoulder*
                                                                                                                 two condoms walk into a gay bar they look at each other and say "let's get shit faced!"
                                                                                                                      new documentary about the female menstrual cycle. available exclusively at redbox.
                                                                                                     subway's jared fogle sentenced to 15.6 years... where his diet will be regulated to just 6 inchers.
                                                                                        give a man a fish and you feed him for a day; teach a man to fish and you feed him **your fish** for a lifetime.
                                                                                                                               what did the cheese vendor say to the robber? "hey! that's nacho cheese!"
                                                                                                                   why is trump going to lose the election? because he's simply not very good with races
                                                                                        what's the real reason lego movie didn't get nominated for an oscar? they thought it was called "the leo movie".
                                                                                                                          what did the windmill say to the windmill engineer? i'm a big fan of your work
                                                                                                                 i have ocd and adhd... so everything has to be just right, but only for a little while.
                                                            me: ugh hate summer when bees are flying everywhere bee [angrily undoing seatbelt on plane] i'm gonna sting him bee wife:just leave it david
                                                                                                                                        no one laughed at my geography joke i guess you had to be there.
     in a primary school... the teacher asks students to draw female reproductive system. a girl in the class puts her head down out of shyness. a boy looks at her and exclaims "ma'am she's copying!".
                                                                      it amazes me at how dirty minded most of you single women are. what amazes me more is how you clean that mind after you get wifed.
                                                                                        my friend said he knew a man with a wooden leg named smith. so i asked him "what was the name of his other leg?"
                                                                                                                                                 knock knock who's there ? curly ! curly who ? curly q !
                                                                                   looking at cows in a field, how can you tell which one's on holiday? it's the one with the wee calf. (think scottish)
                                                                                                              there are three kinds of people in this world... those who can count and those who cannot.
                                                                                               voyager 1 left the solar system 1 year ago and still gets a better signal than an iphone in my apartment.
                                                                                                                        my therapist says i have a preoccupation with vengeance. we'll see about that...
                                                                                                                                                            what do zombie college students eat? raw-men
                                                                                                                                                           what do you call a farting fatass? gas giant.
                                                                                                                 what do you call an anorexic lady with a yeast infection? a quarter ponder with cheese.
         a girl goes to the gynecologist, and the ob/gyn says "this might hurt a bit, do you want me to numb it?" she nodded yes... [numnumnumnumnumnumnumnumnumnumnum!](http://i.imgur.com/ztntznp.gif)
                                                                                                                did you all hear about the chicken that swallowed the yo-yo? laid the same egg 44 times!
                                                                                            request: jokes about the color turquoise. and jokes about the color pink. do your worst. dad jokes preferred
                                                                                                                             if at first you don't succeed.. .. skydiving probably isn't for you anyway.
                                                                                      what did the owner of the indian restaurant say when he burned all of his bread? "don't worry, it's a naan issue."
                                                                                                                                   how did the blind kid burn the side of his face? he answered the iron
                                                                                                                                  how do you make a blonde laugh at easter? tell her a joke at christmas
                                                                                        what's the difference between a black man and a bike? the bike doesn't start singing when you put a chain on it.
                                                                                    the worst feeling ever is when you miss someone but you can't even tell them you miss them because they are alcohol.
                                                                                                                                                               what's less funny than /r/funny? /r/jokes
                                                                                                                       photoshop is turning 25 years old this week. actually, it's 35 but just looks 25.
                                                                                                                                                                               what color is ice? hielo.
                                                                                                                 what's the difference between a chick with a dick and a guy with tits? empty testicals.
                                                                                          what do you call the sweat that forms on a guys scrotum while he copulates with his sister? relative humidity.
                                                                            there's no use crying over spilt milk. particularly skimmed milk. skimmed milk is watery enough without you sobbing into it.
                                                                                                   a friend of mine tried to annoy me with bird puns, but i soon realized that toucan play at that game.
                                                                                                                                 how do you keep a clown from laughing? hit him in the face with an axe.
                                                            if you watch the movie twister backwards it's the story of friendly tornados saving lives, rebuilding destroyed towns and playing with cows.
                                                                                                                                                    what brand of shoes do chickens wear? reebok bok bok
                      just saw that new harry potter movie, and was really disappointed... ...just looked at my ticket stub. it turns out the movie is called fantastic *beasts* and where to find them.
                                                                                                                          what do you call a person who whores themselves out for spaghetti? a pastatute
                                                                                                       when i die, i hope i have enough time to point at a complete stranger and whisper "you did this."
                                                                                                                 my life flashed before my eyes... ...turns out i'm epileptic and died from the seizure.
                                                              obi-wan: it's over anakin! i have the high ground! anakin:*force pushes him out of the way* obi-wan: damn that completely obvious solution
                                                                                                  post your favorite gary shandling joke. he is dead. he was sometimes really funny. post your favorite.
                                                            interviewer: do you have any questions? me: truth or dare i: m: i:.. dare m: i dare you to give me this job i:(under breath) damn she's good
                                               a man goes to the library and asks for their best book on suicide! librarian says "oh, we are out of copies on that. people who take it never returns it"
                                                                                                                                             what do you get when you cross bambi with a  ghost? bamboo.
                                                                                                            my doctor wrote me a prescription for daily sex. ....my girlfriend insists it says dyslexia.
                                                                                                       did you hear about the depressed man going on a cross country road trip? he's weeping the nation.
                                                                                                                                         i want to be rich enough to realize that i can't buy happiness.
                                                                urethra! i've done it! ...says the gynecologist after a spectacular discovery. "i don't think that's quite right sir," says the patient.
                                                           the ladies call me "tarzan" in bed... ... because my sexual adventures are all in [vines.](http://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/vine_%28service%29)
                                                                                                                          the supreme court is really just a regular court with tomatoes and sour cream.
                                                                                                               whats the worst thing about being a black jew? you have to sit in the back of the oven...
                                                                                                       knock knock joke -knock knock! -who's there? -the alamo -the alamo who? -you said you'd remember!
                                                                                                                                 did you hear the one about the vegan cannibal? she only eats vegetables
                                                                                                              i bought a vacuum cleaner six months ago and so far all it's been doing is gathering dust.
                                                                                                   your face is the human equivalent of a blue screen just came up with it, think its alright. thoughts?
                                                                                       i have to give my boss handjobs while he looks at porn after work. also, i am the boss. credit:/u/_silver_surfer_
                                                                                                                        did you hear about the new british period drama? they're calling it bloody hell.
                                                                                                                   did you hear that castro's body double retired? he was tired of playing second fidel.
                                                                                           i wear a cape when i'm driving so if i get pulled over the cop will think i'm going somewhere to fight crime.
                                 did you hear about the man running a marathon on the afghanistan border? he actually went 3 miles further... i guess iran* a little too far *i'm pronouncing it "e-ran"
                                                                                                                me: your cat looks pregnant friend: impossible it's an indoor cat me: what have you done
                                                                                                                                                   what do you call a person with no brain? a no-brainer
                                                                                                               my sausage-addicted friend died in a car crash. apparently, he took a turn for the wurst.
                                                                  [on a first date] me: so do you like puppies? her: oh i love them me: ok, so we'll both have the puppies waiter: excellent choice, sir
                                                                                                                                      [oc] what is hillary clinton's favorite video game? super-pac man.
                                                                                                                      why would you steal a baby at least steal something good like a truck or a dolphin
                                                                                                                                         women are like voltron... the more you hook up the better it is
                                                                                                                                                      "i need to get laid man!"nn- eggs (in the chicken)
                                                                                                                                           where do chicago football fans buy engagement rings? de beers
                                                                     my favorite thing about famous people is that they can be "brave" and "daring" by just leaving the house in stupid looking clothes.
                                                                             what did the cannibal do after he dumped his girlfriend? wiped his ass. (haven't seen this on here, hope its not a repost.)
                                                                                                                                                   what's et short for...? because he's got little legs.
                                                                                                      difference between a newspaper and a tv..... have you ever tried swatting a fly with a television?
                                                       having an argument between mac and pc is like watching two old men with alzheimer's fight. eventually they both break down and lose their memory.
                                                              "dad, what caused the great fire of london?" [googles but can't get wifi] well son, that's when bach dropped the most fire mixtape of 1666
                                                                                                        i always appreciate a good pun, but never geographical ones there's norway i'd sink oslo as that
                                                                                                                                   don't apologize because you haven't tweeted in a while. no one cared.
                                                                                                                                                  why do greeks like fried foods? because they're greasy
                                                                                                                     back in high school i never went for mean girls because i prefer them above average
                                                                                                two things you need to know about me: 1. i am hung over. 2. sometimes i say the word over for no reason.
                                                                                                       did you hear about the scarecrow who won the nobel peace prize? he was out standing in his field.
                                                                                             rick astley will let you borrow any pixar movie in his collection except one. he's never gonna give you up.
                                                                 you guys are so selfish, only think about yourselves, not important stuff. who the fuck is going to narrate morgan freemans life? who?!
                                                                                                                it's getting cold in here so take off all your clothes then we can make a fire with them
                                                                                                                                                       men's underwear should be called "manhole covers"
                                                                                                              i have sensitive teeth... and i'm afraid i'll say something that will hurt their fillings.
                                                                                      girls are like tornadoes because in pictures it's like wow those look cool but in person it's all omg what do i do
                                                                                                                  how long does it take to cook a baby in the microwave? no clue. too busy masturbating.
                                                                                         i finally set up a new sky light in my apartment! i don't know why my upstairs neighbors are so furious though.
                                                                                                                                                        what did the black kid get on his act? bbq sauce
                                                                                                                                             q: what do you call a nun in a wheelchair? a: virgin mobile
                                                                  shoes from a drug dealer i bought some shoes from a drug dealer. i don't know what he laced them with, but i've been tripping all day.
                                                                                                                                                        what day do soldiers hate the most? march fourth
                                                                                                                             what's the key to a good joke? .....................................timing.
                                                                         july 4th is my favorite holiday bc i can practice my friends theme claps every time a firework explodes without anyone noticing
                                                                                                                                       a feminist asked me what my view was on lesbians i answered 1080p
                                                                                                                               so, i've recently started a whiskey diet... i've lost three days already.
                                                                                                                                             walking around the kitchen like pac-man when you're hungry.
                                                                                                     oh no! playstation and xbox online services are down! someone call an ambulance! wii u wii u wii u.
                                                                                                                              what do you call a black man flying a plane? a pilot, you racist bastards.
                                                            i have one friend who is very creepy and intense and whenever we take a photo together all i can think is "this will be on dateline someday"
                                                                                                              free tip for home invaders: literally everybody with an iphone6 is out at brunch right now
                                                                                                                                      it's all shits and giggles until........ someone giggles and shits
                                                                                                                              what's the difference between my job and a dead hooker? my job still sucks
                                                                      girl on my bus has a therapy dog with a marked vest and i was like, "what kind of therapy is he in?" because of course i said that
                                                                                                                          internet explorer. the number one browser..... for downloading other browsers.
                                                                                                                 what's the difference between a lamborghini and a dead baby? i don't have a lamborghini
                                                                     i need a thingy to fix the thingy because the thingy came loose and the thingy is wiggly now. do you sell those? -me, at home depot
                                                                                                                                        there's a black guy in my family tree. he's still hanging there.
                                                                a man was about to jump off the empire state building... a physicist runs up to him and shouts "don't do it you have so much potential!"
                                                                                                                  what do horror movies and printer ink have in common? the black one always dies first.
                                                                                                                                                     what did socialists use before candles? electricity
                                                                                                                                      i used to be impatient.... ... i just don't have the time anymore.
              an 18 y/o boy getting a bj from and 80 y/o woman and a tightrope walker have the same thought...what is it? don't look down! my dad broke this one out this morning thought i would share.
                                                               *cop slams bag of weed down on table* "explain." "its not mine officer i swea- "oh quit the crap bulbasaur we know you're the grass type"
                                                                                               every girl wants to be swept off her feet it's when you put her in the trunk that she starts to freak out
                                                                           rat and a mouse q:what's the difference between a mouse and a rat? a: 1 has a less likely chance of survival in the dog pound
                              how many narcissists does it take to screw in a lightbulb? one narcissist. the narcissist holds the lightbulb in the socket and waits for the world to revolve around him.
                                                           u2 are one of ireland's most successful bands. or according to their tax returns, one of netherlands' least successful hardware store owners.
                was watching a comedic celebrity gameshow and the lineup consisted of freddie starr, freddie mercury, bruno mars, phil jupitus, neil armstrong and his son. it really was a solar panel.
                                                                                                                                 there is only one pretty child in the world... and every mother has it.
                                                                                                                    my friend and i always fight over the electric drill it can get a little bit heated.
                                                                                                                                              what do you call a chinese man allergic to dogs? starving.
                                                                                                      did you hear about the mechanic who slept under the car? he wanted to wake up oily in the morning.
                                                                                                                        apparently one in three people cheat. i wonder if it's my wife or my girlfriend.
                                                                                                                               i like my women like a surgeon likes his patients drugged and unconscious
                                                                                   what do you call a sapling in the military? an infantry! (infant tree, a sapling is a baby/young tree? ah forget it!)
                                                                                   during ww2, oil shortages forced some countries to start using organic fuels. mussolini made the trains run on thyme.
                                                                                                                                         what did the horse say to santa? nothing, horses can not speak.
                                                                                                     i'm not all that concerned about celine dion's recent losses. i'm pretty sure her heart will go on.
                                                                                                         what do you get when you breed a rabbit with an elephant? a dead rabbit with a beat-up asshole.
                                                                                                                                                      what do yu get when you cross a jew? christianity.
                                                                                                                     what do scrooge mcduck and dragons have in common? they love to swim in gold coins.
                                                                                  q: how do you tell 2 scottsmen apart? a: you lift their kilts, and whichever one has a quarter pounder is a mcdonald!!
                                                                                                           i just came from a domestic violence awareness concert... ...headlined by the black eyed peas
                                                                                                                                    i went to a nudist casino... ...i lost my shirt at the poker tables.
                                                                                     my ten year old son just asked me what were the 80's like. so i turned the wi-fi off and took away his smart phone.
                                                                                                                                                          last jew to win a heisman trophy? fred goldman
                                                                                                                                        why doesn't ronald reagan drink orange juice? because he's dead.
                                                                                                                                         what does sonic say on the first day of ramadan? gotta go fast!
                                                                                                                        they say that when you find a spider in australia... you hear boss battle music.
                                                                                                   why does your sister have yeast and  shoe polish for breakfast ? because she wants to rise and shine.
                                                                                             i've got a new job crushing fizzy drinks cans... it's soda pressing [imgur](http://i.imgur.com/6lwz2ud.jpg)
                                                                                                                                                                       why are mods the worst? [removed]
                                                              i know what it's like to be pulled back from death and appreciate life more since i dropped my cell phone in the toilet and it still works
                                                                                                                                      how are dumb blondes like peanut butter? they spread for the bread
                                                                                                                         if you think your days bad... think of all the shit plumbers have to go through
                                                                                                                          oh my god! honey, the baby just said "dada!" wait, why is he using air quotes?
                                                                                                        what is it called when a thief steals a purse, runs into the street, then gets run over? *car*ma
                                                                                                                                       what is john lennon's favourite donut? strawberry filled forever!
                                                                                                               did you hear rick ross's new song about the ebola crisis? it's called 100 blacks coughin'
                                                                                                                    step 1: buy a 3d printer. step 2: print a 3d printer. step 3: return the 3d printer.
                                                             i put a roofie in my wife's drink last night. it was awesome. i played ps4 for five hours straight without anyone asking me to do anything.
                                                                                                                     what do you call a psychic midget who escaped from prison? a small medium at large.
                                                                                                                                 why can't a fish be a radio host? because if he goes on air, he'll die.
                                                                                                                                           you gotta hand it to short people because they can't reach it
                                                                                      i covered my gf with dough and raisins and put her in the oven to annoy her. hell hath no fury like a woman sconed
                                                                                                  my girlfriend hates it when i surprise her when shes sleeping... ok, so she's not my girlfriend yet...
                                                                                                                                                           what do you call a violent white man? officer
                        i was doing a crossword and asked my jamaican friend for help i asked him, "hey, what's a 10 letter word for colossal or huge?" he said, "monumental!" i replied, "no, i'm not."
                                                                hi i'm dan, welcome to identity theft club *from back of room "me too" "me too!" "uhhh, yeah me too" ok, we're off to a great start guys
                                                           paper dance competition boy : hey, will you be my partner in a paper dance competition? girl : sure! boy : great, so we are on the same page.
                                                                                                                                                          i'm so anti-social, my misery loathes company.
                                                                                     my girlfriend bought me a bowling ball the other day. she thought i wouldn't like it but, it was right up my alley!
                                                                                                                                                   what kind of pants does mario wear? denim denim denim
                                                                                                                                                      do you want a quick joke? do you want another one?
                                                                                                                                         why can't a blonde dial 911? because she can't find the eleven.
                                                                                               people who clap at the end of movies also join in singing "happy birthday" at a restaurant for a stranger
                                                                                                                                           what's the key to long lasting relationships? not breaking up
                                                                                                         you know you're getting old when the kids start referring to your savings as their inheritance.
                                                                                                                                                             what do you call a rich asian? *cha ching!*
                                                                                                                                           what do you call an alligator wearing a vest? an investigator
                                                                               [drives date home] me [stops and revs engine sexily] i had a great time tonight date: [climbs off my lawnmower] i did not
                                                                                                                                               what's it called when you remember a good meme? a memento
                                                                                                       just spent 3 hours making a belt out of all my old watches... ...it was a complete waste of time.
                                                                                                 why do porn sites have a share to google plus button i don't want my friends to know i have google plus
                                                                            lady at my gym is pedaling a stationary bike while eating chips right out of the bag. i'm hiring her as my personal trainer.
                                                                                                                               i started vaping to fit in with my friends, who are mostly steam whistles
                                                                                                                                         the real reason reddit is so popular is... copy paste clickbait
                                                          how to catch an elephant dig a big hole fill it with ashes sprinkle peas on top when the elephant goes to take a pea, kick it in the ash hole.
                                                                                                                          vegan ribs are actually delicious! the hardest part is hunting down the vegan.
                                                              cashier: aww, you grocery shop so your wife doesn't have to? [flashback to me losing paper, rock, scissors] me: yeah, i'm sweet like that.
                  with a wheelchair, everyday is halloween! children are scared of you, adults try to guess what you are, and the elderly just give you candy! paraphrased from the wonderful zach anner
                                                                           what's the difference between neil armstrong and michael jackson? one walks on the moon, and the other fucks little children.
                                                                                                                          why do tourists always take pictures in paris? because the tower is an eiffel.
                                                                                                                                     the swimsuit portion of the presidential election is going to suck.
                                                                                   a duck walked up to a lemonade stand and he says to the man running the stand... ..hey! (pom pom pom) got any grapes?
                                                                                                 tragic reports as customers find themselves trapped inside a burning apple store there were no windows.
                                                                                                      please don't tag me in photos where i'm not wearing my roller skates, i'm looking for a boyfriend.
                                                                                                                                                          why did the chicken cross the road? cluckbait.
                                                                                               i remember a time when my dad used to roll me down the hill in his old tires... ...those were good years.
                                                                                                                  what's the worst part about a potato famine? you can't get to the root of the problem.
                                                            "noah. you will build an ark" k "not "k" this is important" sorry "thats ok. take 2 of every animal on it" even fish? *thunder* "no not fish
                                                                                                                                                  how does the man on the moon cut his hair? eclipse it.
                                                                                                                      we should get the amazon echo on reddit it would feel at home in this echo chamber
                                                                                   my biology professor's favorite joke what's the difference between an enzyme and a hormone? you can't hear an enzyme!
                                                       two baloons meet each other in a garden shop... the first one says to the other: don't go that way, there's a cactussssssssssssssssssssssssssssss
                                                                                                                                   what did the hispanic security guard drink at the airport... tea ese.
                                                            your cell should have a 'drunk mode' like 'airplane mode' so that no text messages or tweets leave your phone but you can still call a taxi.
                                                                                   my friend is a sex offender. he never abused anybody, people are just offended at the thought of having sex with him.
                                                                                                        my father used to put snowballs in the blender and make great slushies snowballs was a great cat
                                                                                                                                      why doesn't hitler run a marathon? because he can't finish a race.
                                                                                                                                                              what's an owl's favorite subject? owlgebra
                                                                                                                            what did the hand say to the penis when they first met.... nice to beat you!
                                                                                                                                        how to paint a live flamingo: 1. get a live flamingo 2. paint it
                                                                                                                        why did the chicken cross the ocean? to get out-of-range of north korea's nukes.
                                                                                                                   what did the french biologist say to visitors entering the corn maze enjoy zea maize!
                                                                                                                                                      what do you call a dog with wings? linda mccartney
                                                                                                             have you ever observed the depression cycle of a snail? it's pretty much a downward spiral.
                                                                                                          what is 12 inches long and keeps a woman up screaming all night? sudden infant death syndrome.
                                                                                                            babies are really expensive, which is why all the ones in babies r us don't have price tags.
                                                                how can you tell your girlfriend is getting fat? she starts to fit your wife's clothes. yes, i know this isn't oc. nothing on reddit is.
                                                                                  what is the name of that disgusting, hairy and mostly useless piece of flesh that dangles around the vagina? your mom.
                                                                                                                   i have sensitive teeth..... and i'm afraid i'll say something to hurt their fillings.
                                                                               art thief. did you hear about the discerning art thief who burgled the impressionist exhibit? he was in it for the monet.
                                                                                                                  what did the brick say to the rock? nothing, it's just a brick, what's wrong with you.
                                                                                                                                               what do you call a screaming timepiece? an alarmed clock.
                                                              i would like to thank the kind stranger i met on the bus this morning for teaching me the meaning of the word 'abundance'. it means a lot.
                                                                             vodka is made from potatoes. which means once upon a time, someone looked a potato and figured out how to drink it. genius.
                                                                                                       without context, where would we be? joke is the title. if you don't get it, think about it a bit.
                                                                                                                                            what will be the most useless invention? a waterproof teabag
                                                                                                                             why do bicycles always fall down if unsupported? because they're two-tired.
                                                               [making out] me: *grabs a blindfold from the nightstand* girlfriend: omg really? me: *blindfolding the dog at the end of the bed* really.
                                                                                                        sorry i called you stupid. it was insensitive and heartless of me. i just assumed that you knew.
                                                                                                  when is it okay to kick a midget in the balls? ...when he tells you that your wife's hair smells good.
                                                                                                                                                                             my "sleep number" is vodka.
                                                                                                                         what do you call an ethiopian with a yeast infection? a 1/4 pounder with cheese
                                                               who would you ask for advice about a lion? a lion or a gerbil? the lion, because by virtue of being a lion, a lion is an expert on lions.
                                                                     i was holding my cousin's baby when i shouted spoiler alert: life sucks & that's why i'm no longer allowed to hold my cousin's baby
                                                                                                                      what does an elephant and a carton of milk have in common? they both cum in quarts
                                                                                                                                                           what do you call a sad watermelon? melancholy
                                                                                                               my mouth so dry... eli whitney walk up on me while i'm yawning and invent the cotton gin.
                                                                                                                    did you hear about the recent earthquake research? the information is groundbreaking
                                                              my sister asked if i stole her cream sweater. uh, yeah. who else would've stolen it? you think a burglar broke in and was like "cute top!"
                                                                                                                  apparently the rebooted bible will feature a female jesus, and moses will be a raccoon
                                                                                                                                           what's hillary clinton's favorite work of art? pneumonia lisa
                                                                                                                               what did the mexican prostitute give to the donkey after the show? jorge.
                                                                                                                             "i wonder what i'll order from amazon prime today" - me every morning kinda
                                                        so i'm opening a seafood restaurant... ...and my signature dish will be eel in a light japanese batter. it will be called "o tempura! o morays!"
                                                                                                                                                 if vegetarians eat vegetables what do humanitarians eat
                                                                                       next on *will it blend?* marijuana! ***brrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr*** *opens lid* "ahh, you can *definitely* breathe this."
                                                                                               since we have several people participating in the debate tonight... would it be considered a mass debate?
                                                                                                                                                      whats the fastest way to cut down a tree? suh dude
                                                                                                                                                      what do you call robin hood's mother? mother hood.
                                                              office christmas party boss: i don't know you. do you work here? me: *sips wine* no. him: so your wife does? me: *sips his wine* again no.
                                                                               the difference between running and jogging is that runners compete in races and joggers find dead bodies on law and order
                                                                                                    i used to think the brain was the most important organ. then i thought, look what's telling me that.
                                                                                             why can nobody understand sausages when they talk??? because they speak in tongs. i'll show myself the door
                                                                                                                         why did they have to call aquaman aquaman because they couldn't call him seaman
                                                                                                            if my girlfriend and i were stoners, i would propose by asking ... ..."marriage, you wanna?"
                                                                                                                                     the suicide hotline is unbearable they always leave people hanging.
                                                                                                                       there are 2 kinds of people in this world: 1. people who aren't good with numbers
                                                                                                                                    why was muhammad a successful merchant? because he was god's profit.
                                                                                                                                   turns out i got lazik surgery by mistake so now i have two lazy eyes.
                                                             if i have trouble finding an arm hole while putting on a dress shirt, i imagine i'm rehearsing for my show "damien fahey: shitty magician".
                                                                                                                                                              pizza is a good argument against nihilism.
                                                            my dream is to be a security guard on maury. i'd whisper "you look like a volkswagen beetle with eyes." when the women were crying backstage
                                                                                                              you know what they say about assuming things... no i have no idea!! did you assume i did?!
                                                                                                                                                    is it getting solipsistic in here, or is it just me?
                                                                                                                                              what do you call a bread that's not too bright? a dimwheat
                                                                                                                                   what do you call a peanut butter jelly sandwich in flint mi? pb and j
                                                                                                                forget drugs and sex. parents please talk to your kids about their grammar and spelling.
                                                                                                                                              a cannibal went for a walk... ...and he passed his brother
                                                                                                                                                              i hate buying velcro.. it's such a ripoff!
        star wars force awakens joke im seriously concerned about new star wars. if this continues, well then im very interested, how will the rey with her training, run with old skywalker on her back
                                                                                                                                                                        those who hesitate... masturbate
                                                              army guy: sniper in the clock tower, 6 o'clock me [seeing the time on the clock tower says 5 o'clock]: i'm just gonna nap for an hour then
                 a qa engineer walks into a bar an orders a beer. and orders 2 beers, and orders 7445553822 beers, and orders -1 beers, and orders asdfadf beers, and orders robert'); drop table beers;
                                                                                              if you're ever in a room where a doll should happen to come to life it would be prudent to leave that room
                                                                                                                                     synchronized diving would be far more interesting without the pool.
                                                                                                                                       [jesus at the bar] "oh, i'll just have a water" *winks at camera*
                                                                                              iama casting director for adult movies. i'm looking for women over 35 for my latest film, "milfnado". ama!
                                      for pimps, prostitution must be alot like using pawn pieces in chess... they use them to do their dirty work, in promise that he'll one day make her into a queen.
                                                                we don't need a voting rights act. if we just give all the votes to rich people, then democracy will just trickle down to everyone else.
                                                                                                   what does it cost a pirate to get his ear pierced? about a buccaneer (buck-an-ear) yuck...yuck...yuck
                                                                                                             what can you sit on, sleep on, and brush your teeth with? a chair, a bed, and a toothbrush.
                                                              [going through customs] anything to declare, sir? 1...2... sir, what are you 3...4...i declare a thumb war! oh bring it on *misses flight*
                                                                                                                                   what happened to the boy who ran into a window he was in serious pane
                                                                                                                                               i think some of you need an exorcism not an intervention.
                                                                                                                                                              why is divorce so expensive? its worth it!
                                                                                                        date - "so...are you going to be doing that for the whole date?" [i can't hear her over my tuba]
                                                                                                     what's the hardest part of a vegetable to eat? the wheel chair. (and yes, i know i'm going to hell)
                                                                                                             it's hard to retire if you are in the tire business it seems like you have more work to do.
                                                                        me: wow the stars are beautiful gf: omg babe they really are me: u know who else is beautiful? gf: *blushes* who? :3 me: harambe
                                                                                                   f*ck and f*ck are sitting on a fence... f*ck falls off, who gives a f*ck! stupidity is a niche! ~skip
                                                                                                                                                                   a redditor has sex for the first time
                                                                                                                       why do programmers always mix up halloween and christmas? because oct 31 = dec 25
                                                    what's the difference between a kinder surprise and michael jackson. one is a choking hazard for children and the other is a chocolate covered candy
                                                                                                                                               what did the pirate say on his 80th birthday? aye maighty
                                                                                             did you hear about the guy who's been pickpocketing midget charity workers? how could someone stoop so low?
                                                                                                                           what do you call the space between pamela anderson's breasts? silicon valley.
                                                          i've been doing this new program called 'cooking with nature: chinese edition' you'd think it would be tough, but it's just a wok in the park.
                                                                                                                                        a message from a canadian to all americans out there.. i'm sorry
                                                                                                                                                                            half-life 3 is getting made.
                                                 los angeles education trying to give my kids an education in los angeles is a nightmare. the guns, the gangs, the drugs -- and i'm home schooling them.
                                                            me: "i'm trying to type the word 'fucking.'" my iphone: "huh? surely you mean 'ducking.'" me: "no, i mean 'fucking'." my iphone: "bullshot."
                                                                                                           so my friend who has multiple personalities called me yesterday. my caller i.d. exploded.....
                                                                                                                                                    what oil does trump use in his cooking? rapeseed oil
                                                                                                                      why are camels called the ships of the desert? because they're full of arab semen.
                                                    the men who fought in the revolutionary war were very brave. they would take turns standing there shooting at each other... ...and that takes balls.
                                                                                                                                                i'm so broke... i gotta jerk off the dog to feed the cat
                                                                                                     my friend told me if im upset about something i should sleep on it... i told him to give it a rest.
                                                                                                 "instagram announced they will allow users to see who viewed their profile..." *wakes up in cold sweat*
                                                                             "grampa, how did you support gay marriage? did you march like civil rights ppl?" "no. marching's hard. i tweeted about it."
                                                                                                                            i hug people i hate so i know how big i need to dig the hole in my backyard.
                                                                                                                 i rarely eat kale chips, but when i do-i eat them condescendingly and self-righteously.
                                                                                                                                  mtv canceled teen mom, so it's like they had those babies for nothing.
                                                                                                                                               scared of eating genetically modified fruit? grow a pear.
                                                                                               me: mom...dad. i've decided to live on my own from now on. parents: ok, cool. me: your luggage is outside
                                                                                                 when my robot left me for africa i had to ask why. "why are you moving there?" "because! botswana! duh"
                                                                                                                                                        where do you find the hottest jews? in the ovens
                                                                  [assembling baby's cot] wife: take that bit off me [reluctantly removing the machine gun turret]: so anyone can just walk in here then
                                                                                    recent study shows 9 out of 10 men prefer looks rather than personality in women 1 out of 10 men prefer the other 9.
                                                                  the internet lets the world instantly know my thought but...they can't make a microwave that i can put metal in. someone isn't trying.
                                                                                          what's the difference between madonna and a bowling ball ? you can only fit three fingers in the bowling ball.
                                                                                                      why were the people in the twin towers so upset? they ordered pepperoni and all they got was plane
                                     why is the democratic electoral landscape like a moebius strip? cause no matter what you do, there always seems to be a clinton claiming to be "on your side" . . .
                                                                                                                             i like my women like i like my scotch aged thirteen years in an oak barrel.
                                                                                                                                  why did osama kill his wife? when he lifted her skirt, he saw *bush* .
                                                                                                                                       i have literally never seen a mattress store with customers in it
                                                                                       waterboarding at guantanamo bay sounds suuuuuuper fun if you don't happen to know what either of they things are.
                                                                                                                            what do we want!? cleared times on our microwaves! when do we want it? 0:00!
                                                                            [at my house after 1st date] me: so, do you wanna have some sex? her: well, i don't normally do this...but i think i'll pass
                                                                                                                                             what did the painter do when he was angry? he made a scene.
                                                                                                                   a little hanukkah humour what do you call a vagina-shaped candelabra? a labia menorah
                                                                                                                         what do you call a mexican midget? a paragraph... because he's not a full essay
                                                                                                                       what is donald trump's favorite christmas song? i'm dreaming of a white christmas
                                                                                                          teacher: "which book has helped you the most in your life?" student: "my father's check book!"
                                                                                                                                                                              i fucked a girls butthole.
                                                                                                                                                            i like my slaves like i like my coffee free.
                                                                                                                           why did leonardo dicaprio laugh at the oscar joke? because he finally got it!
                                                                                                                   have you heard about the new iphone 6? i guess it's got people all bent out of shape.
                                                                    i'm out of coffee until tomorrow, but i just saw three squirrels doing it together so i guess my monday's balancing out pretty well.
                                                                [doctors exam] "i'm feeling a lump here. here's another. you have several lumps." -uh oh, what does that mean doc? "it means you're fat"
                                                                                                                          what is the most popular birthday based on internet records? january 1st, 1993
                                                   engineers what is the difference between mechanical engineers and civil engineers? mechanical engineers build weapons. civil engineers build targets.
                                                                                                                                                 there was a monster who ate properties... he ate a lot.
                                                                                                                      why did helen keller's dog kill itself? you would to if your name was auhmonahahha
                                                                                                                                          why do ducks have flat webbed feet? to stomp out forest fires.
                                                                                                                                                     how does a french lady hold her liquor? by the ears
                                                                                 recent study shows that masturbating twice weekly increases life expectancy by 20%. i've done the maths. i am immortal.
                                                                                          what do tony romo and a french whore have in common? they both do a great amount of sucking for four quarters.
                  /r/cleanjokes hits 10k subscribers **/r/cleanjokes metrics:** total subscribers: 10,000 subreddit rank: 2,246 milestones &amp; subreddit growth: http://redditmetrics.com/r/cleanjokes
                                                                                                  there are three kinds of people in the world... the ones that know how to count and the ones that dont
                                                                                 when i was younger mtv actually played videos. that's what the m stands for. music. not maternity, motherhood or moron.
                                                                               some people prefer to put the thermometer in their mouth, while others prefer it in their rectum. it's a matter of taste!
                                                                   $1 joke from homeless man on santa monica pier- "what did 1 butt cheek say to the other butt cheek" " together we can stop this shit"
                                                                                                                              what's worse than finding hair in your food? finding out the chef is bald.
                                                                                                                 how many flies does it take to screw in a light bulb? two, if you can get 'em in there.
                                                                                                                                                                                           black fathers
                                                                                                             what does a blender full of dead babies sound like? i dunno, i was too busy masturbating...
                                                                                                        got so wasted last night, had to take a train home. and now i can't figure out how to return it.
                                                                                                     i wish i had trained flies that would fly into the mouths of people who chew with their mouths open
                                                                                      i want to open i pizza place called original pizza, so that way if anybody asks if we deliver... yes, op delivers.
                                                                                                                      did you hear about the guy who got his whole left side cut off he is all right now
                                                                                                                                what would you call geralt of rivia if he had a sex change? the switcher
                                                                                               what did the science teacher say when the kid was experimenting with magnets? "may the force be with you"
                                                                                                                                     what do you call someone who drinks too much water? an aquaholic...
                                                                                                                           q: what do you call a bunch of blondes standing ear to ear? a: a wind tunnel.
                                                                                                                                               "whoa! it's really hot in here!" "sorry, should i leave?"
                                                                                                     yeah yeah "friends with benefits" are cool but have you tried "friends with batteries"? less drama!
                                                                                                                                                          what's a polar bear's favourite soup? a laksa.
                                                                                                                                                                chuck norris is his own line at the dmv.
                                                               top five creepy things: 5) dark and stormy nights 4) spiders 3) cars with eyelashes 2) decaf drinkers 1) people who take one bite of cake
                                                                                                                      why do eskimos have wide noses? because they pick their nose with their gloves on.
                                                                                                 what did bill gate's wife say to him on their wedding night? no wonder you called the company microsoft
                                                                                                                                                    what do mexicans use to cut a pizza? little caesar's
                                                                                                                                             what do you call a country ruled by dank memes? kappatalism
                                                                                         i spend way too much time deciding on whether i should use "lol", "lmao", "rofl", or "haha" in my text message.
                                                                                        two antenna's fell in love and got married. the actual wedding wasn't that good but the reception was excellent.
                                                            me: jesus. get the kids inside wife: what's wron- me: *running* just get the damn kids inside [a bee flies off of the lens of my binoculars]
                                                            [man in restaurant] i'll have that lobster please. *points to aquarium containing lobster putting finishing touches to his octopus disguise*
                                                                                                            i want my girlfriend to be a 10. woops, bad typo, i didn't mean to put that "a" in the title
                                                                                                                  what's the best way to eat a thanksgiving vegetable? pick her up out of the wheelchair
                                                                                                                                                      i had a dream i was a muffler i woke up exhausted.
                                                                                                                               whats the difference between a rectal and an oral thermometer? the taste.
                                                                                                   i swear to god dude, if you say "but what if we get arrested?" one more time you're out of the group.
                                                                     if you think your life is awful my mom keeps track of my "cycle" and just told me that i'm ovulating and that i should mingle more.
                                                                                                                                             what do you call an ent prince who betrays his dad? treason
                                                                                                                      women are like draino they will clean you out, but leave you feeling hollow inside
                                                                                           cat: grrrrrplukk...grrrrrplukk...grrrrrplukk...grrrrrplukk... **coughs up hairball** dog: you gonna eat that?
                                                                                                   why was the ground all white after custer's last stand? because the indians kept coming and coming...
                                                                                                                                             england has no kidney bank... but it does have a liverpool.
                                                                                 husband asked his wife "why don't you tell me when you orgasm?" she replied "because i don't like calling you at work."
                                                                       i use a wheelchair. whenever i'm at a job interview and they ask me what my greatest weakness is, i always want to say, "stairs".
                                                                                                                                                              what do you call sandpaper in iraq? a map.
                                                                                                  what's the difference between an apple and a dead baby? i don't ejaculate on an apple before i eat it.
                                                                                   what do you call that part of the pharmacy where they keep the condoms, birth-control pills, etc.? the contrasection.
                                                               me: better late than never! wife: ... m: seeing red? w: ... m: go with the flow! w: ... m: i'll go buy tampons. w: now, mister funny man.
                                                                                                        what goes blonde, brunette, blonde, brunette, blonde, brunette? a naked blonde doing cartwheels.
                                                                                                                        why can't you hear a psychiatrist using the bathroom? because the 'p' is silent.
                                                                                                                                                                        dry erase boards are remarkable!
                                                                                                                        what did the digital clock say to the grandfather clock? look grandpa! no hands!
                                                                                                                           til amedeo avogadro died of skin cancer. he never got that nasty mol checked.
                                                                                             my daughter may only be one year old today, but she retrieves beer from the fridge at a fourth grade level.
                                                                                                                                                      when and why did the yam farmer get up? for a yam.
                                                                                                                 when life hands you a komodo dragon suddenly the times you got lemons seem pretty cool.
                                                            so let me get this straight: trump supporters are butt hurt because someone overgeneralized them and called them a mean name? oh, the irony.
                                                                                                                            you hear about the guy who bought a teabag? yeah, the price was pretty steep
                                                                                                                                q: what word begins with the letter "f" and ends in "uck"? a: firetruck.
                                                                                                                                i used to cry when i got an erection... would call it my "mourning wood"
                                                                                                            ugly joke you're so ugly that you make ropes hang them self so they dont have to look at you
                           a native american scolded me for celebrating thanksgiving, a celebration of slaughter so i said, "you're right, it's awful what they've done to the turkeys all these years."
                                                                                                 you could tell my parents hated me... my bath toys were a toaster and a radio. (rip rodney dangerfield)
                                                                                                my husband and i have been in an open marriage for five years. i hope he's ok with it when he finds out.
                                                                                                                                                                   so you want to hear a joke my life...
                                                                                                                                                               a morning after pill but for over eating.
                                                                                                                                         know what a 6.9 is? another good thing screwed over by a period
                                                                                                                   do you know why you should never program a women class? because women aren't objects.
                                                                                                                                                                                "needless to say... ..."
                                                                  idk guys, life has never thrown me lemons. social anxiety, insomnia, mental breakdowns, drugs and eating disorders.. but never lemons.
                                                                                                        what did the pirate say to his kids when picking them up from school? get in the carrrrrrrrrrrr!
                                                                                                                       what did the orphan say when the orphanage burned down? nothing. he just laughed.
                                                             my daughter does this thing where she copies everything the dog does; bark, beg, fetch etc. it was adorable! until the dog humped the couch
                                                                                                                   what did the peadophile say when he was released from prison? i feel like a kid again
                                                                             being hungry again a half hour after eating chinese food isn't about the food being chinese, it's about you being american.
                                                                                   what is big and hard when you put it in your mouth and small and soft when you take it out? a chewing gum you pervert
                                                                                                                                             what do you call a vegetarian with diarrhea? salad shooter.
       one night a woman undressed in front of her husband... "what turns you on more, my pretty face or my sexy body?" asked the wife the husband looked her up an down an said, "your sense of humor."
                                                             two bacteria walk into a bar. the bartender says, "we don't serve bacteria here." and the bacteria says, *"but we work here. we're staph."*
                                                                                          i visited my friend in his flat he told me to make myself at home. so i kicked him out. i hate having visitors
                                                            a jewish boy needs $20 so he asks his father. son: papa, could i have twenty bucks please? father: ten bucks!? whaddya need five bucks for!?
                                                                                         til that some barbers have haircut numbers "honey, i just went to the barbershop and had a fantastic number 2!"
                                                                                                                               life's like a box of chocolate, it doesn't last very long for fat people.
                                                                                                                                             q: what is the most military day of the year? a: march 4th.
     i couldn't figure out why my data wasn't coming out like my classmate's, until i realized i dropped a square root in the formula. i put it back in and re-plotted the data. i saw a radical change.
                                                                                                          chuck norris doesn't stub his toes. he accidentally destroys chairs, bedframes, and sidewalks.
                                                                            when a girl seductively tells you, "you can stick it wherever you want" apparently in her roommate is not one of the options
                                                                                                i don't know why friends and family keep getting pregnant when i have two kids right here they can have.
                                                                                                                     what do a feminist and a broken atm have in common? they both can't make any change
                                                                                                                                                             what does a lawyer wear to work? a lawsuit!
                                                                                                                     who wears a red suit, and knows if you are naughty or nice? the spanish inquisition
                                                                                                                              how do you tell if your girlfriend's ticklish? you give her a test tickle.
                                                                                                                                what is caitlyn jenner's favorite song? more than a woman by the beegees
                                                                                                                                               fact: the internet was invented to globalize complaining.
                       joseph confronts mary... joseph: "mary, i've heard you've been prostituting your body through the town!" mary: "don't worry, joseph. i was just trying to make a little prophet."
                                                                                                                                                  the amish girl was excommunicated... ...too mennonite.
                                                                                                                   what's the difference between love, true love and showing off? spit, swallow, gargle.
                                                                                                                                       a magic 8-ball would make better life decisions for me than i do.
                                                                                                           "so sir, have you decided whether or not you'd like to buy this mattress?" "i'll sleep on it"
                                                                                              'ghost in the shell' ran tests to make white actors look asian. turns out actors aren't very good at math.
                       those who fail to learn history are doomed to repeat it... but those who fail to clear history are doomed to explain it! **credits to rob denbleyker of cyanide &amp; happiness**
                                                                                                                                               why did hitler kill himself? . . . . he saw his gas bill.
                                                                     i wish i had a dollar for every time someone asked me if my hair really was ginger.. then again i just wish people would talk to me
                                                                                                                         what's the difference between a vagina and your joke? nothing. they both stink!
                                                                                            a man walks into a bar with a slab of asphalt under his arm and says: "a beer please, and one for the road."
                                                                                                                                           what do you call a yugoslavian pimp? yasalivason medickubitch
                                                                                                                                            where do star wars rebel officers eat? the admiral snackbar.
                                                                                                                        aids... -what would prevent aids from spreading in africa? -sex only after lunch
                                                    advertising for a babysitter apparently, saying i prefer the babysitter not have a gag reflex isn't as appropriate as it seemed when i wrote the ad.
                                                                                                            how britons shower. the same as you, dummy. first, we get nice and wet. then we get the tea.
                                                                                                       i'm really surprised i decided to get botox. at least i think i'm surprised, i can't really tell.
                                                            *prepares to cook vegetarian chili* *spills the beans* whoa, i suppose you could call that.. *lowers shades with a spatula*.. kidney failure
                                                          a person who knows two languages is called bilingual. three or more languages; multilingual. what do you call someone who knows one? american.
                                                                                                 did you hear about the cannibal who switched to spam? he said it's the greatest thing since sliced fred
                                                                                                                           he: "i'll catch a grenade for you." she: "prove it." he: *plays call of duty*
                                                                              why didn't silento knock before coming inside? because you already know who it's isss! my little sister told me this joke.
                                                                                                               what would you use to write down a description of the dump you just took? a no. 2 pencil.
                                                                                                                                             i slapped kim kardashian's ass once i don't like his music.
                                                                                                    i'm an asian male who scored a 2300 on the sat i still don't know if i met my parents' expectasians.
                                                                the efficient part about falling asleep on the toilet at work is that inevitably someone who had beans for lunch will come and wake you.
                                                                                                    why did micheal jackson want to be a camp counselor? he would give merit badges for pitching a tent.
                                                                                                          how do you make the hippie run out of money? you hide daddies credit card under a bar of soap.
                                                                                                                 the jews may be the "chosen people"... ... but the muslims are the "randomly selected".
                                                                                                                                         how dare you complain about your life? someone's mom is snooki.
                                                                                              did you hear the one about the streaker who ran naked through a church? the priest caught him by the organ
                                                                                   they say swearing is due to limited vocabulary. i know thousands of words, but i still prefer' f*ck off' to go away'.
                                                                                                        i'am looking for a bank loan which can perform two things give me a loan and then leave me alone
                                         what's the difference between a smart midget... what's the difference between a smart midget and a woman with a venereal disease? well, one's a cunning runt...
                                                                                                     that awkward moment when the guy who discovered milk had to explain what he was doing to the cow...
                                                                  "daddy, do you like princesses?" "yes." "why?" "well usually they have a nice set of ti-" wife: "shut it." "i will not lie to my son."
                                                                                                                                            kids: your homework is being graded by someone who's buzzed.
                                                                                                                         i got suspended for bringing a piccolo to school. they told me it was too sharp
                                                                                                                                        how does a scotsman find a sheep in tall grass? very satisfying.
                                                                                                                                           why can't orphans play baseball? because they can't find home
                                                            when someone says "i love you infinity plus one" i immediately love them less because of their failure to grasp basic mathematical concepts.
                                                                                                                           what's the definition of a nervous  breakdown ? a chameleon on a tartan rug !
                                                                                                               my son wants to dress as a catholic priest for halloween... well, he can go fuck himself.
                                                                                                                      doctor doctor people tell me i'm a  wheelbarrow. don't let people push you around.
                                                                                                                                        bad mother mick, do you think i'm a bad mother? my name is paul.
                                                                                        *crawls up from backseat* *slowly pulls off paper bag from head* what? no... i'm not embarrassed by your driving
                                                                                                                                     how do you confuse hellen keller? step on her books with golf shoes
                                                                                  if you think the world is getting more unsafe, violent and unpredictable, the 13th century would like a word with you.
                                                       how many programmers does it take to change a light bulb? i'm gonna need some specs or an outline of the scope, before i can get you an estimate.
                                                                                            tried to pull up my sleeve and accidentally punched myself. it's okay, i've had it coming for some time now.
                                                                                                 what made the triangle high? potenuse credit: key and peele. i don't want to be like that kid in class.
                                                                                            "excuse me sir, but there's a bohemian knight here to collect his fee." "tell him the check is in the mail."
                                                                                                      the only times i go for a jog is when there's a cute guy in front of me or a creepy guy behind me.
                                                                                    it's inspiring today to see so many voters researching and learning about an important issue they voted on yesterday
                                                             hate to brag, but a cute fireman gave me his number today. it's only 3 digits & he said it's only for emergencies, but i know what he meant
                                                                                                                            what's the right age to stop running naked from the bedroom to the bathroom?
                                                                                                                                           did you hear about the fish addicted to worms? he got hooked.
                                                                                                                                                                                            9gag anyone?
                                                                                                                                                                          an irishman walk out of a bar.
                                                                                                                                  did you hear about the suicidal dolphin? he lost the porpoise to live.
                                                                                                    i was born disabled i couldn't walk, had no hair, couldn't talk, just laid there and shit myself....
                                                                                           if you ever decide to commit suicide by jumping from a building, the least you could do is wear a cape first.
                                                                  you should feel pretty honoured if i subtweet you. but the tweet you think is about you, probably isn't. twitter's hard. get a helmet.
                                                                                     conjunctivitis.com... "conjunctivitis.com - that's a site for sore eyes" - a tim vine joke, just thought i'd share.
                                                                                                                                                    what is a mormon's favorite movie? lord of the rings
                                                                                                                                 did you hear about pala deans new restaurant? they only serve crackers!
                                                                                                                            i poured my root beer... ... into a square cup, now i'm left with only beer.
                                                                                                                     a man walks into a bar... ...and is sent to the hospital with a severe head injury.
                                                                                                                            what is it called when a turtle is mentally retarded? reptile disfunction. .
                                                                                                          on the topic of george michael... i guess you could say it was his "last christmas". too soon?
                                                                                                                                             where did little suzzie go after the explosion? everywhere.
                                                                                                                                                  what do welshmen call a sheep dog in wales? their pimp
                                                                                                                                   which sex position produces the most ugly babies? ask yo momma. sorry
                                                                                                       i stand in the tampon aisle and when a woman reaches for a box, i snicker and say "you're gross".
                                           i was kidnapped by mad scientist who experimented on me, replacing my limbs with animal ones. if i ever see him again i'll tear him apart with my bear hands.
                                                                                                                                 my brother forgot his apple today. until he was rear-ended by a doctor.
                                                                                                                                     my girlfriend is like a trampoline,... ...i dont have a trampoline!
                                                                        i smoked e-cigs for so long that i got e-cancer. i'm ok though, i just swallowed a norton antivirus cd and it cleared things up.
                                                                                                                what did the overbearing mother melon say to her son and his girlfriend? you cantaloupe.
                                                                                                                                      omg you got a new boyfriend? congratulations, who is it this week?
                                                                                                  my first memory was 9 months before i was born. i went to this crazy party with dad and left with mom.
           a man on one side of a river shouts to a man standing on the other side, "hey, how do i get to the other side of the river? the other man responds, "you are on the other side of the river."
                                                                                                                                     what did the bee to the other bee in summer ? swarm here isn't it !
                                                                               my dick was in the book of "guiness world records" once ... ... until the librarian caught me and decided to throw me out
                                                                                                                                        giving blood today. not my own, of course. that would be creepy.
                                                                                                                                               which award did the knoc knock joke get? the nobel prize.
                                                                                                                                                   what has 200 teeth and holds back godzilla? my zipper
                                                                                                                                 mystery in an ironic twist, oscar pistorious has investigators stumped.
                                                                                                                                              what do you call a rabbit who is real cool?  a hip hopper.
                                                                                                                                                   what do you call islamic death metal? allahu rockbar.
                                                                                                dear #athiests evolution could never design and create a machine that consumes scraps and produces bacon
                                                                                                                                       what's the smartest piece of lab equipment? a graduated cylinder.
                                                            *walks up to attractive person* i noticed u were eating. u wont believe this but i also enjoy eating. we should get food or married sometime
                                                                                                 what's the best part of dating a quadriplegic? spinning her like a top when she rides you cowboy style.
                                                              thank god you've updated your status to "finished lunch" after you first posted "going to lunch" i really couldn't tolerate more suspense.
                                                                                                           why do chefs put so much effort into baking cakes? because you only get out what you pudding.
                                                                                                                              i text back embarrassingly fast or three days later there is no in between
                                                                  whiskers: there's nothing there. go ahead. blind person: *steps off cliff* whiskers: technically ^-- why we don't have seeing-eye cats
                                                                                                                                              i'd tell you a good time travel joke but you didn't get it
                                                     my fourth grade teacher told me i would use cursive at least once a week, but she was wrong. i use it every day when food is delivered to my house.
                                                                                                                                                           where do the sith shop? at the darth maul. :3
                                                                                                                                                   batman doesn't have nightmares nightmares have batman
                                                                                                                                           why do ecologists like lepers? because they're biodegradable!
                                                                                                                                             words i say when i sing along to informer by snow: informer
                                                                                                                                                   dreaming you're peeing can be a very dangerous dream.
                                                                                                                                  what do alexander skarsgard and ikea have in common? swedish meatballs
                                                                                                    a man is in critical condition for swallowing 250,000 dollars in large bills. no change is expected.
                                                                                                                                             what is saddam hussein's favorite band? my chemical romance
                                                                                                                                              the easiest way to get over someone is with a steamroller.
                                                                                                                           i left work in slow motion but it didn't blow up behind me. this is bullshit.
                                                                                                              a termite walks into a bar... he walks up to the counter and asks "is the bartender here?"
                                                                                               what's do 9v batteries and buttholes have in common? you aren't supposed to lick them, but you do anyway.
                                                                                         my doctor wanted a stool sample a urine sample and a semen sample. so i gave him my underwear. classic rodney d
                                                                                                                                           who do you call if everlast is having a heart attack? eminem.
                                                                                                                                                                     this joke isn't funny. donald trump
                                                                                                                                  where'd the dog who lost his tail go to get a new one? a retail store.
                                                            friend: try this me[takes drink] it's wine friend: did you detect a hint of anything? me:alcohol friend: but what did it taste like? me:wine
                                                                                                     yo momma so fat, when she wants to take a bath... she fills up the tub and then turns on the water.
                                                                                                                 if you were born in poland and are now taking a piss in england, what are you? european
                                                                                                                                       yo mama so fat.. ..she walked past the tv and i missed 3 seasons!
    what' the difference between roast beef and pea soup? anyone can roast beef, but not everyone can pea soup. (as told by my 8yo, who made me laugh with a joke for the first time. proud dad moment.)
                                                                                                                  dear canadians, who's the cutest little nation? you are! yes you are! *pinches cheeks*
                        the wife's insisting i quit my job, because she thinks it's cruel we've started testing our new products on rabbits. she's got a point, i suppose... i work in a hammer factory.
                                                                                       my dads career advice was "do what you love". so i'm trying to make a living jerking off and playing video games.
                               my wife is an angel. bob and harry are fishing one day.... bob.... "how's your wife been?" harry...."she's an angel, how about yours?" bob...."egh, mine is still alive."
                                                                                                                     damn girl, are you a time traveler? because being fat was attractive in the 1500's.
                                                                                                                                           does anyone else find it ironic that stalin was also russian?
                                        a robot walks into a bar, orders a drink, and lays down some cash. bartender says, "hey, we don't serve robots." and the robot says, "oh, but someday you will."
                                                                                                                                  standing closer to me in line will not get you to the checkout faster.
                                                                "be cool, it's the cops" i said to my 3 cats i dressed up like robbers as my other 3 cats came out of the kitchen dressed like policemen
                                                                                                                                                            if you have bladder problems. urine trouble.
                                                                                                                                                          how do trees browse the internet? they log in.
                                                                 man: "if i did not know about god and sin, would i go to hell?" priest: "no, not if you did not know." man: "then why did you tell me?"
                                                                                                                             stuck in my first infinite loop: two canadians saying sorry to one another.
                                                                                                                                                    my wife: [donating blood] me: that's from both of us
                                                                                                                               why is an executioner a terrible high-fiver? he always leaves you hanging
                                                               when i die, i would like to go peacefully, in my sleep, like my grandfather did. not screaming and yelling like the passenger in his car.
                                                                                                                     why is islam so unethical towards its employees ironically, it's all about prophets
                                                                                                                                          what is a caveman's favourite audio compression algorithm? ogg
                                                                                      [text] i'm very hungry but i'm sick and tired of the food at my work! ;( maybe i'll try bringing lunch from home?!
                                                                                                                                                        how does constipation work? i don't give a shit.
                                                                                                                                      starbucks this morning looks like a scene from "the walking dead."
                                                                  i've only taught my parrot to say "repetition" so far. next i'm going to teach him to say "irony and annoying are synonyms". "squawk!"
                                                                                                                         what do you call it when one lesbian "cock blocks" andother lesbian? beaver dam
                                                                  when people ask "what do you do" i try to seem normal by saying things like "walk with my feet. use water. see things that are there."
                                                                                                          my ex used to sing "brown eyed girl" to me.... i have blue eyes. this should have been a sign.
                                    a couple in the bed. "let's do it, goodbye virginity!" "i'm not sure, what if i get pregnant?" "you won't, i'm sure" "promise me you won't, john" "i promise, chris"
                                                                                                                                 any subreddits to help you cope with schizophrenia? asking for a friend
                                                                             if any ladies out there need jars opened or items from a high shelf, homedepot sells rubber grips & ladders. -match.com bio
                                                    i was at a barbecue party when a cow from a nearby farm charged me and chased me into a corner it was at that moment i realized my life was at steak
                                                                                                                                                         why are barns so noisy? all the cows have horns
                                                                                                                                      so what if i can t spell armageddan it s not the end of the world.
                                                                                                      knock knock who's there ! avery ! avery who ? avery time i come to your house we go through this !
                                                                                                                                             for all of us singles out there... happy ballantine's day!!
                                                                                                                                           the only exercise this month ive done is running out of money
                                                                                                                             what did the nazi police officer give to the schoolchildren? swat sticka's!
                                                                                                           one day a soda can got crushed the next day it went to his therapist and said i'm sodapressed
                                                                             what did the left pussy lip say to the right pussy lip? we used to be really tight until you let that dick come between us.
                                                                                                forget the fad diets, i'm gonna lose weight the old fashioned way - by not having enough money for food.
                                                         a male frog calls a medium line and he is told he'll meet a beautiful lady frog. "will it happen at a ball?" he asks. "no , in a biology class"
                                                                                                                           why does harrison ford run from wesley snipes? because he's the blade runner.
                                                                      hangry a state of anger caused by lack of food. may evoke negative change in emotional state. translation: feed me or i'll cut you
                                                                                                              the biggest lie told on the internet 'i have read and understand the terms and conditions'
                                                                                                                                         a helicopter crashed on a graveyard reports says over 500 dead.
                                                                                                                            most computer problems can be fixed by removing the idiot from the keyboard.
                                                                                                                  home is the place where you can scratch your butt and balls exactly where it's itching
                                                                                                                     my dentist says to clean between your teeth after every meal. that's his flossophy.
                                                                                                                                      the amount of people who confuse "to" and "too" is amazing two me.
                                                            imagine a shark eating pizza. imagine you were frog. imagine a donkey wearing a skirt. imagine someone telling you to imagine stupid things.
                                                                                                                                   have you seen the clown that hides from ugly people? i thought not...
                                                                                                                                         til i'm genetically predisposed to love heroin it's in my blood
                                                                                               did you hear about the girl who went fishing with her six male friends? she came home with a red snapper!
                                                                                                                                                               cheese isn't just grate, it's legendairy.
                                                                                               my chemistry always told me "if you're not part of the solution..... then you're part of the precipitate"
                                          why i don't watch science documentaries with my mum. man on tv: microwaves travel at the speed of light mum: fuck me, that's impressive. microwaves are heavy.
                                                                                                                                     (nsfw) what do you call a black pilot? a pilot, you racist fucks...
                                                                                                              instead of calling it them locker combinations.... we should call the locker permutations.
                                                                                                                                                    where does a dog get a new tail? at the retail store
                                                                                                                         it's just so crazy to think that kids born in 14 will be turning 2000 this year
                                                                                how many police officers does it take to handcuff one man? nine, eight to shoot him and one to say he was very dangerous
      old one but still funny: two muffins are sitting in an oven... ... one muffin says to the other "damn its starting to get really hot in here." the other one says, "holy shit a talking muffin!!!"
                                                                                                                                     so a guy gets his arm and leg cut off..... its okay he's all right.
                                                               "i can't believe we're selling this house. so many memories. man, if walls could talk..." wall: "i saw you vacuum up your kid's hamster."
                                                                                                                                                what do you call a black abortion clinic? crime stoppers
                                                                                                  damn apple just donated a bunch of ipads to kids in africa the only app on it was ''where's my water''
                                                                                                                                                                        a jew walks into a bar.. passes.
                                                                                                                            what do you call a grenade thrown into a french kitchen? linoleum blownapart
                                                                                                                                 why was six afraid of seven? because seven is a registered six offender
                                                                                                                                                     we need to stop isis. then we can call them waswas.
                                                                           have you heard of the new lego presidential building set? it's called "my first wall". it comes with a few pesos as a refund.
 a lesbian couple and a gay couple had a race to see who could get across the country to california first the lesbians arrived first, lickity split. the gay dudes were still at home packing their s...
                                                                                                                my grandma started running 5k / day at age 60 she's 93 now, we have no idea where she is
                                   how old were you on your last birthday?  eight. and how old will you be on your next birthday? ten.  oh i don't think that's possible. oh yes it is - i'm nine today.
                                                                                                                                                    what did the dna say to the rna? uracil-y structure!
                                                                          what's the difference between toilet paper and the shower curtain? so you're the one.... (only if you answered "i don't know")
                                                                 when someone yawns, i like to yell "surprise dentist!" and stick my hand in their mouth, which is fun because i'm not really a dentist.
                                                            in the chinese version of "fight club" the main character thought he had befriended a crazy anarchist. turns out he was wong the whole time.
                                                                                                                                         i fell sick today when i wore crocs... i am lacoste intolerant.
                                                                                                                                                   "we should clean the bathroom." "why? are we moving?"
                                                             ambien: remember the time we picked a fight with gary's garden gnome, chugged a jar of mayonnaise & passed out naked in arby's parking lot?
                            what's the difference between a piano, a tuna fish, and a pot of glue? you can tuna piano, but you can't piano tuna. ... what about the pot of glue? i knew you'd get stuck.
                                                                                                                     did anyone lose a roll of twenties wrapped in a rubberband? i found the rubberband!
                                                                                                                          what do you call a black guy that flies airplanes? a pilot you fucking racist!
                                                                                                                                                          kate upton as the spokesperson for game of war
                                                                                                                                                      what do you call a symphony of whales? an orcastra
                                                                                                          what do badgers and gynecologists have in common? they both like to root around in your cellar
                                                                                           wife: where'd you buy my gift? me: bed bath & beyond wife: you used a coupon right? me: coupon? *wife faints*
                                                                                                                               you know, people are a lot like snow... if you pee on them, they go away!
                                                                                                              why were the elephants kicked out of the pool? because they kept dropping their trunks....
                                                                                                       i'm scottish and my son is marrying a jewish girl. i'm afraid their kids will leave me penniless.
                                                                                                                                            vladislav? ... .. baby don't hurt me, don't hurt me, no more
                                                                                                            when i'm having a shitty day sometimes i go to walmart and just smile and show off my teeth.
                                                                                                                     i really really hope parallel universe me is vomiting on my cat's carpet right now.
                                                                                    can we make it a rule not to put anything after the punchline? seriously, it ruins the joke every time without fail.
                                                                                                     why do chicken coops have 2 doors? because if they had 4 doors they would be called chicken sedans!
                                                                                                                        totally blasting billy joel out of my minivan. i'm like sex on wheels right now.
                                                                                                                                                  i saw a man drinking brake fluid. but then he stopped.
                                                                                                                                 my friends and i are having a body-part pun contest. the game is afoot!
                                                                                                                                                         irish joke so three irish men walk out of a bar
                                                                                                                                                                 biggest joke on the planet. real madrid
                                                                                 my father said: do unto others as you would have them do unto you.' so i sent him to a girls boarding school in france.
                                                                            what did our parents do to kill boredom before the internet? i asked my 13 brothers and sisters and they didn't know either.
                                                                                       fired from my job as an autopsy technician for repeatedly asking "are you gonna eat that?" during the procedures.
                                                                                                                                 there are assholes, and then there are people who applaud after movies.
                                                                                                                                    what happens when peter pan tries to throws punches? they neverland.
                                                                                                                               what happened when a frog joined the cricket team ? he bowled long hops !
                                                     8 letter word for the somewhat-outdated practice by male prisoners of giving their female co-criminals first pick at the bootleg weapons? shivalry.
                                                                                                              life is like toilet paper... ... you're either on a roll or taking shit from some asshole.
                                                                                                                                               what brand of vacuum cleaner does snoop dogg use? bissell
                                                                                                                                   what do you call 6.9? yet another great time interrupted by a period.
                                                               isn't twitter basically all nsfw since we all tweet while we're at work & hit the 'close tab' button like a ninja when the boss walks by?
                                                                                                                                how do mathematicians cure constipation? they work it out with a pencil.
                                                                    saw 8 vasectomy billboards on my 4 hour road trip through florida yesterday. it's like florida knows what has to be done to florida.
                                                                                                                       women can be sexist too it's just that men are better at it like everything else.
                                                                                                                                    how many blacks does it take to screw in a light blulb? three fifths
                                                                                                 she: we are having my mother for dinner tonight? me: but darling i'm a vegetarian. . how can i eat her?
                                                                                                                                            when life gives you melons... ...you probably have dyslexia.
                                                                                                                                          working title for the new tyler perry movie? alex crossdresser
                                                                                     every time your kid starts crying when they don't get what they want, just say "i don't negotiate with terrorists."
                                                                                                                  62% of swimmers say they pee in the ocean....... now you know why spongebob is yellow.
                                                                                                                               did you hear about the guy who snorted curry powder? he fell into a korma
                                                                          grocery store just charged me $0.10 to offset the environmental impact of my bag and then gave me a paper receipt 3 feet long.
                                                                                                                              why were the native americans in america before us? they had reservations.
                                                                                                                                                                                   pinot? i hardly noir.
                               2 guys walk into a bar. the first one says i want h2o and has a drink. says damn this is good. the second guy says "bartender, i want some h2o too." the second guy dies.
                                                                        when my family says things like...why don't you have kids yet? i say "because i didn't get drunk & do the football team, sasha."
                                                         you know what really surprised me about the debate tonight? turns out it *is* possible to have a worse moderator than the team over at /r/news!
                                                                                                                               what did the poor, unfortunate, paraplegic kid get for christmas? cancer.
                                                                                                      what's the difference between roast beef and pea soup? you can roast beef, but you can't pee soup.
                                                                                                                        the first rule of elevator club is don't talk to other members of elevator club.
                                                                                                                                                 what animal's alphabet is just like ours? a baby ceel's
                                                 what does walking a tight rope and receiving a blow job from your mother-in-law have in common? in both cases it is strongly advisable to not look down
                                                                                                                                                           what did the hobo get for christmas? nothing.
                                                                                                                                   why can't geometry teachers tell good jokes? they go off on tangents.
                                                                                                                                     give a man a fish... and, apparently, you're a shitty secret santa.
                                                                                                          why don't you go down on a girl in the morning? have you ever tried to split a grilled cheese?
                                                                                                                                     how much room is needed for fungi to grow? as mushroom as possible.
                                                                                                                                         what do you call an orchestra with bronchitis? a coughcoughony!
                                                            dentist: ok, i'm going to start drilling. "wait! what if i have to poop?" d: then you should go now. *awkward pause* "thanks i feel better."
                                                                                                                                         things michael j. fox would be good at grating parmesan cheese.
                                                                                                                                           what do you give an elephant with big feet ? plenty of room !
                                                                             my husband still talks about that one time he loaded the dishwasher correctly like it's going to get our kids into harvard.
                                                                                                   i have a midget friend... he's epileptic and makes pizzas for a living. i call him "little seizures".
                                                                                                  told my mom "the d" stood for donuts, and now she won't stop telling people she wants the chocolate d.
                                                                                                                                       what does a deaf woman say to a premature ejaculator? come again?
                                                                                                                                  how can i go to sleep when this movie i've seen 70 times just started?
                                                                             why don't vampires go south of the border? because every time they suck a mexican's blood, they get the vshits for a month.
                                                                 if you don't react when the dr. hits your knee with the mallet, the hippocratic oath says he has to kill you with a shotgun right then.
                                                                                                                                                     keep death off our roads drive on the pavement. . .
                                                                                                                                       did you hear about michael vicks new shoe contract? hush puppies.
                                                                                                                  what did the spanish soccer announcer invest in? **goooooooooooooooooooooooooooooold**
                                                                                           there are certain professions where having experience doesnt account for anything like being a suicide bomber
                                                                                   last night was the third time a girl walked out midway a date. something's still wrong in my powerpoint presentation.
                                                                                     my grandmother, 86 years old, just entered medical school. she's a cadaver, and she is living death to the fullest.
                                                                                                 what do you get when you cross a bear and a spider? a six-legged, honey-lovin', web-spinnin' **freak!**
                                                                                                               trump has a tower? well bernie has his towers too. the twin towers... they felt the bern.
                                                                                                                                               why did the mexican push his wife off the cliff? tequila.
                                                                                                                             what is the scariest thing about a white man in prison? you know he did it.
                                                                                                          i am really good friends with 25 letters of the alphabet. i don't know y. credit: chris turner
                                                                                                                       what did mc hammer say to his wife when she caught him cheating? can't trust this
                                                                                                                 some people say ketamine is just for animals... they need to get off their high horses.
                                                                                                                                            welche vier flusse kennt jede blondine? rhein, inn, main, po
                                                                                                                                   why can't you hear a pterodactyl go to the bathroom? the p is silent.
                                                                anyone who says their wedding day was the best day of their life, has never had two candy bars fall down at once from a vending machine.
                                                                                                                     so a man comes in a bar er, no, wait, i meant a horse. so a man comes in a horse...
                                                                                     how many hipsters does it take to change a lightbulb? it's a pretty obscure number, you probably never heard of it.
                                                                                                                                                      what are the other letters of the alphabet? nazis.
                                                              terrorists of reddit, who is the most stupid person you have met in your organization? don't forget the name of your organization as well!
                                                                                                                                                               retarded people they shouldn't even exist
                                                                                                                                                 if donald trump was a fruit what would he be? a walnut.
                                                                                        [ghost writes your dead in condensation on bathroom mirror] "my dead what?" [ghost writes *you're] aahhhhhhhhhh!
                                                                                                   you know what's the common thing between iphone 7 and the board on titanic? there is no room for jack
                                                                                                                                  do you have a favorite boat joke? no? well you will schooner or later.
                                                                                                                                               what not to do on a first date: ask what gender they are.
                                                                             [approaches parent with child on a leash] "mind if i pet your dog?" hey that's my son! "oh my bad. mind if i pet your son?"
                                                                                                                                   what did the buffalo say when dropping off his son at college? bison.
                                                             her: i have netflix if you wanna come watch a movie :) me: no it's ok, i have my own account [60 years later on deathbed] me: wait a minute
                                                                                                                          q: why don't men fake orgasm? a: coz no man would pull those faces on purpose.
                                                                                                                      what is more funny than a penguin sliding down a hill? the penguin who pushed him!
                                                                                                                         why do midgets always laugh when playing soccer? the grass tickles their balls.
                                                                                                            types of people there are two types of people. people wh don't finish what they start and...
                                                                         8yo me: *sneaks candy* 14yo me: *sneaks cigarettes* 18yo me: *sneaks alcohol* 43yo me: *sneaks candy* being an adult is stupid.
                                                    koi fish always travel in groups of four that's because while the a koi, the b koi and the c koi escape. the predator will always go after the d koi
                                                                                                                          i wish we could still defeat bullies with synchronized dancing like in the 80s
                                                                                                                                      someone just accused me of being schizophrenic. i'm beside myself!
                                                                                             just flipped my son off behind his back because i'm an adult and don't get into arguments with 4 year olds.
                                                                                                                                              what kind of dog suffers most from being inbred? a hot dog
                                                                                            do you have any motivational books? yeah, they're in the back. (long pause) do you have any that are closer?
                                                                                               wife: why didn't you talk to me about renting a bouncy house?! me [stops jumping]: you would have said no
                                                                                                if electricity always follows the path of least resistance, why doesn't lightning only strike in france?
                                                                                                                                      why do nuns hate laundry day? they always fall back on old habits.
                                                                                                                      what do grateful dead fans say when they run out if weed? who's playing this shit?
                                                                                                                              what do you call two hobos hitting each other with cardboard? pillow fight
                                                                                                                                                               what are pedophile's favorite shoes? vans
                                                                                                                                                  what do japanese men do when they have erections? vote
                                                                                                                    a knock knock joke from westeros knock knock who's there? hodor. hodor who? ...hodor
                                                                  blonde in laundromat asks to have a sweater cleaned. attendant : "come again ?" ( not hearing ) blonde: "nope, just mustard this time"
                                                                                                                                               today's date: 4/9/16 2 squares/3 squares/4 squares 4/9/16
                                                                                                                                                                         do you whats amazing? spiderman
                                                                                                                why did the sperm cross the road? because i put in the wrong pair of socks this morning.
                                                                                                                                                        i walked into my glass door today oh the pane...
                                                                                                                                                    pop up ads are the jehovahs witness of the internet.
                                                                                                                        do you know why there's no casinos in africa? because there's too many cheetahs!
                                                                           i can't go to sleep if any of my apps need to be updated, but will drive my car with the check engine light until it explodes
                                                                               i farted loudly in an apple store and everyone got really pissed off at me. but its not my fault they don't have windows.
                                                                                                                                babies who cry in a restaurant would rather be eating in a breastaurant.
                                                                                                                       men are like remote controls. simple. easy to use. and usually lying around a tv.
                                                                                                                                              what is the biggest obstacle in getting rich quickly? cops
                                                                                                the newiest knock knock joke i heard. - knock knock - who's there? - first pilot. hopefully not too soon
                                                                                  how did the investigators discover that a serial killer had dandruff? they found head &amp; shoulders in his bathroom.
                                                                                            the first time i made love to kate i thought of my late wife, susan. i thought, this'll teach her to be late
                                                                                                                              donald trump is banning pre-shredded cheese and making america grate again
                                                                                                                                         how do you frighten a bee? sneak up behind it and yell boo bee!
                                                                   i wrote to the bank: "my cheque was returned with remark 'insufficient funds'. i want to know whether it refers to mine or the bank?"
                                                                                                                why is my ass good. because i poop out of it and pick up average household items with it
                                                            #tt at 14 i yelled, "you'll never understand morrissey,dad!!" and tried to run dramatically out of the room but ran into a wall & fell over.
                                                                                                                                          you know what i say to people with low fiber diets. tough shit
                                                                                                                                 what's the integral of 2x with the limits from 10 to 13? a good time ;)
                                                                                          3 year old: mommy, was daddy ever inside you like i was? wife: yes. but only for a minute... two tops. me: ...
                                                                                                                            "i nailed that wood so hard i came..." - carpenter who really enjoys his job
                                                                                                      i hope when the avengers meet spider-man they give him shit for not helping when nyc got attacked.
                                                       teacher: today, we're going to talk about the tenses. now, if i say "i am beautiful", which tense is it? student: obviously it is the past tense.
                                                                                                                                                            what's a bigamist? it's a large fog in italy
                                                                                                                                                      breakfast musings... a boiled egg is hard to beat.
                                                                                                                                  what is today's special at google's employee cafeteria? alphabet soup.
                                                                                                                                                    i like my women like i like my peanut butter chunky.
                                                       til hours before edison died , he came out of coma , opened his eyes and said "it is very beautiful over there" well tesla said it first anyways.
                                                                                                                                                                  /r/jokes won't get this original jokes
                                                                                                                              a hipster's favorite frequency is 50,000 hz you've probably never heard it
                                                                                                                                  how do you call a whores pubic hair? public hair ill show myself out..
                                                                                                  til: hitler was a very emotional golfer ...every time his ball went into a bunker, he became suicidal!
                                                                                                                                                                                  your so bald your bald
                                                                                                               dear bed, i'm so sorry i left you. i don't know what i was thinking. please take me back.
                                                                                                                     i will punch you in the face. ok not really - but i will roll my eyes at you, hard.
                                                                                                                                              report: underpaid bowling alley employees to go on strike.
                                                                                                                                         what did the little black kid get on his sat's? barbecue sauce.
                                                                                         my 42 yr old friend is dating a 24 yo guy, she caught him cheating so she took away his play station for a week
                                                                                                                                                          cane sugar is the best! it just can't be beet!
                                                                                                                                              what's made of brass and sounds like tom jones? trombones!
                                                                                                                         did you hear about the coprophile? he got off through a process of elimination.
                                                                                                                   what's the difference between santa and tiger woods? santa stops after the third 'ho'
                                                                         suicide book a man goes into a library and asks for a book on suicide. the librarian says; "fuck off, you won't bring it back."
                                                                                                when i get overly proud of america, i simply remember that in 1999 we made mambo no. 5 a number one hit.
                                                                                   i feel sorry for eazy-e he went from straight outta compton to straight outta condoms before getting aids. i'm sorry.
                                                                                                           there's a new restaurant opening called kentucky freud chicken... ...it's motherfucking good.
                                                                                                                                                                          what's up late and optimistic?
                                                                                            what do you call a guy that overeats for the sole purpose of getting stomachaches? a glutton for punishment.
                                                                                                                                what does a jewish pedophile say to a kid hey kid, wanna buy some candy?
 places i'd rather not live - paradox, new york - crapo, maryland - boogertown, north carolina - spasticville, kansas - hellhole, idaho - purgatory, maine - girdletree, maryland - rabbithash, kentucky
                                                                                                                                                   the world's shortest joke - jimmy carr dwarf shortage
                                                              [team dumps gatorade on head coach after victory but head coach just happens to be the wicked witch of the west] coach: you idiots *melts*
                                                                                                                                          did adam and eve ever have a date? no, but they had an apple. 
                                                                                             australia is touted as a great model of gun control but no one mentions our unlimited access to boomerangs.
                                                                                                                                        why is unemployment rising in jamaica? because they're jahbless!
                                                                 jaws is exceptionally funny if you just imagine the shark is trying to be friends with the guys on the boat and they keep running away.
                                                                                                      if you can't celebrate valentine's day with someone you love, celebrate it with alcohol and pizza.
                                                                                                                                                     what's a zombies favourite brand of crisps? walkers
                                                                                                                              an isis attack wouldn't do any damage to chicago what's one more pot hole?
                                                       i made a knock-knock joke for ya me: knock-knock you: who's there? me: dead nazi! you:... dead nazi who? me: i bet you dead nazi that one coming.
                                                                                                                                           if a candidate takes virginia.. it will make his caucus hard.
                                                                                                     yo mama's teeth so yellow that when she smiles everyone sings "i got sunshine on a cloudy day".....
                                                                                                                  here at smith blarney cremation service we make money the old-fashioned way we urn it.
                                                                                                                                                          what do you call a homesick asian? disoriented
                a young boy walked up to his father and asked, "dad, does a lawyer ever tell the truth?" the father thought for a moment. "yes, son. sometimes a lawyer will do anything to win a case."
                                                            leo: *names his child oscar* doctor: "would you like to hol-" leo: "say it like we rehearsed it." doctor: *sighs* "and the oscar goes to..."
                                                                                                                 favorite pick up line hey babe, are your parents retarded? because you sure are special
                                                                                          i like to steal pictures of people's breakfast and post them again i guess you could say i'm a cereal reposter
                                                                                                                                      may all your troubles last as long as your new year's resolutions!
                                                                                                                   i just put up a white board in my house... wanted to make the place a bit more classy
                                                                                                       you deserve more than a guy who wears t-shirts with "witty" sayings that he bought from jcpenney.
                                                                                                                                    what did the lightbulb say to its mother? i wuv you watts and watts.
                                                                                                                                                   what's grey but turns red ? an embarrassed elephant !
                                                                                                                              did you hear about the lesbian with no arms? she couldn't hold her licker.
                                                                                                                                        i tried to explain what a double entendre is but it's sooo hard.
                                                              bad cooking and sex husband: your cooking is pretty pathetic despite watching cooking shows on tv. wife: you watch porn but do i complain?
                                                                                                                       where do ghoulies go to on the day before halloween party? to the boo-ty parlour.
                                                                                                                                                              til that i'm never getting prostate cancer
                                                                                                                                                  what is the temperature of the average coffin? 6 below
                                                                                    i asked a frenchman what his favorite game console was i don't think he understood me though, he just replied "oui".
                                                                                     gordon ramsay screamed at me that i didn't know the first thing about seasoning but i took it with a pinch of sugar
                                                                   ever find a mirror that makes you look really good and you're like oh ok this is where i live now i live in this airport restroom now
                                                                                                           i tried typing "penis" as my new password and i got an error message saying it was too short.
                                                                                                                      i haven't slept for 10 days.... ...because that would be too long. - mitch hedberg
                                                                                 so a pimp is berating one of his girls nsfw "you've got no tits and your cunt's too small" "fuck you. get off my back."
                                                                                                                                    why did jesus come to earth? to get to the other side. ba dum tssshh
                                                                                                                       what did the jamaican say when he lost the smelliest feet contest? defeat stinks!
                                                                                                                                               what do you call an abortion in prague? a cancelled czech
                                                                                        how do you know when a guy is really in love with his girlfriend? when he starts using condoms with other girls.
                                                              when i'm feeling inadequate, i remember that there are women who marry their prison pen pals, and then my own decisions don't seem so bad.
                                                                        if you fail to take over a government... you've really screwed the [putsch.](http://dictionary.reference.com/browse/putsch?s=ts)
                                                                                                                               i hate the outside *invents houses* i kinda miss it now *invents windows*
                                                                                                             i say 'tomato', you say 'put your hands where i can see them and exit the vehicle slowly' .
                                                                                                i'm no mathementientist, but i should probably go to bed because it's 4am and i'm making up words again.
                                                                                                                        why can black women twerk so well? they learned from their father how to bounce.
                                                                                                             why did mozart kill his chickens? because they were always saying, "bach, bach, bach, bach"
                                                                                                                                                   what do you call two lesbians in a canoe? fur traders
                                                                                             what did the nazi with celiac disease say at the breakfast table? excuse me, but is this cereal glutenfrei?
                                                                                                                  cats that run under your legs display the same genius as someone walking into traffic.
                                                                                                                                                        if life gives you melons, you might be dyslexic!
                                                                             my air conditioner broke. i've been breathing unconditioned air for the last 14 hours. this is how super villains are born.
                                                                                                                  why do women aged 40+ not play hide and seek? 'cause nobody would be looking for them.
                                                                                              when you're done reading this joke please don't show it to any virgins. they won't get it for a long time.
                                                                                                   whoa whoa whoa. stand down, nipples. it's just a little chilly weather, nothing to get excited about.
                                                                                                                       funny one liners - 2016 tell me short funny one liners. just humor, nothing else.
                                                                                   i was driving one day and saw a field full of scrawny cows, and thought... ... so that's where beef jerky comes from.
                                                                                                                                                  what is written on ronald mcdonald's gravestone? mcrip
                                                                                                                                confucius say... man who walk through airport sideways going to bangkok.
                                                                                                                                         what should you do if your walls get cold? put on another coat.
                                                                                                        did you hear about the guy who got a viagra stuck in his throat? he had a stiff neck for a week.
                                                                                                                                          what's darth vader's sister's name? elle vader. *badum tsssss*
                                                                         inside everybody there's a still, small voice seeking to guide them on their journey through life. it was put there by the cia.
                                                                                                             did you hear that the vatican elected a new pope? never mind, they were just blowing smoke.
                                                         police arrested two kids yesterday... one was drinking battery acid, the other was eating fireworks. they charged one and let the other one off
                                                                                                                                    i like my women like i like my coffee. ground up and in the freezer.
                                                                                                                   what did one isis militant teacher say to their most successful student? you da bomb.
                                                                                                        i can't wait to find out what new undeleteable apps that i don't want will be on the new iphone.
                                                                                                                                           who do canadians call when their car breaks down? triple, eh?
                                                                                                                                      vin diesel is latin for "the guy we get when the rock won't do it"
                                                                                                                                                                    4 out of 5 dentists recommend teeth.
                                                                                                                                                           i bet you haven't heard this one before 53154
                                                            people are like "pokemon is basically dogfighting" but tbh if a dog with ice powers fought a ghost dog i would probably peek over that fence
                                                                                                                         why did god only make one yogi bear he tried to make another but made a boo-boo
                                            for me, coming out as a teenager was the hardest thing i've experienced. god knows what it must have been like for my mother. being in labour for that long.
                                                                        watches my wife cut the 2 yr. olds apple juice with water ... *hauntingly second guesses every drink she's ever mixed for me now
                                                         did you hear about them computer geeks, who were also miners by trade, who sang a cover of that motorhead song? they called it the acer spades.
                                                                   i realized why the media isn't taking my presidential campaign seriously. occasionally, i'll slip up and accidentally tell the truth.
                                                                                                                       what's the difference between a harley and a hoover? the position of the dirtbag.
                                                                                                                                                 what do you call something big and pink deez nuts gotti
                                                                                                                                                                           i have an earning disability.
                                                                                                                                         friends are like snowflakes. if you pee on them they disappear.
                                                                                                                       if batman and catwoman had a kid it would be batcat or the less popular manwoman.
                                                                                                                                 i heard 80% of all accident happen within 10 miles of home. so i moved.
                                                                                                                                 what's the only thing better than a gold medal at the paralympics? legs
                                                                                    did you hear about the french olympic race walker who pooped his pants mid race? at least he didn't oui in them too.
                                                                                                        [moving her panties to the side] hey maa, i'm making room for my legos in your underwear drawer.
                                                                      if gyms paid pretty girls to just sit and clap in the weight section, i bet they could charge anything they want for a membership.
                                                                                                                     red sky at night shepherd's delight. red sky in the morning... your barn's on fire.
                                                                  what's the best thing about an extremely drunk, angry girlfriend? they don't remember when you smack the ever living shit out of them.
                                                        we've all been yelled at... let us all just take a moment of silence for the times we have been yelled at for doing something wrong on reddit...
                                                                                                                        back seat drivers are all the same.. "why we going into the woods?" "let me out"
                                                                                                                           why are black people so good at basketball? because they have great hangtime.
                                                                                                            a muslim, a christian and a jew walk into a bar. you'd think one of them would have seen it.
                                                                                                                                                                 what did mc hammer name his son? arman.
                                                                                        what's the difference between a garbanzo bean and a chick pea? i've never had a garbanzo bean on my face before.
                                                                                         what did one saggy boob say to the other? we better get some support over here or people will think we're nuts.
                                                                                                                                                    what is something that is brown and sticky? a stick.
                                                             i know we haven't talked in awhile but i've been thinking about us a lot and i was wondering if u remembered the name of that burrito place
                                      sardar sent sms to his boss: "me sick, no work" boss sms back: "when i am sick i kiss my wife try it" 2 hours later sardar sms 2 boss: "me ok, ur wife very sweet"
                                                             wife: hit the light. *flicks switch (wrong light) *flicks another (fan) *flicks (disposer) *flicks (nothing) *flicks (some light in canada)
                                                                                               what did the chef say when he cooked up moose meat instead of beef? "oh no! i've made a huge moosesteak!"
                                                                                                          winnie the pooh and jack the ripper share the same middle name... coincidence?... i think not.
                                                              everyone quits smoking when they die, which sucks cause dying is a really stressful event that would be helped quite a bit by a cigarette.
                                                                              *finally gets comfortable with you* *starts whispering in your ear* "oooo baby i can recite all my phobias in alpha order"
                                                                                                                         if donald trump and hillary clinton are on a sinking boat who survives? america
                                                                                                                                            why was noah such a compelling character? he had a good ark.
                                                                                                                                            how many catholic priests does it take to screw a lightbulb?
                                                                                                                        what do your mother and the ground have in common? they are always full of seed.
                                                                      this no more tears shampoo sucks. i've been feeding it to my friends kid and he's still crying. nnnnmust be doing something wrong.
                                                                                                        "you're joking about calling it good friday, right? i told you the part about the nails?" -jesus
                                                                                                                      my dick is not small. it is perfectly shaped according to ancient greek standards.
                                                                            not sure if i should be proud of this or not, but our employee handbook had 37 new rules added since i started working here.
                                                                                                                                    what gives a gorilla good taste? four years in an ivy league school!
                                                                                                                         what's alex's (from 'a clockwork orange') preferred type of light? ultraviolent
                                                                                                                                      america is in labor now soon we will know if it's a boy or a girl.
                                        in an alternate universe, the president... is given an attache and told not to press the button inside beyond the most dire circumstances. instructions nuclear.
                                                                                                                            two flies are arguing on a toilet seat when... one gets pissed off! (sorry!)
                                                                                                   how did isis move from 5th wanted terrorist group to the most wanted terrorist group? they cut a head
                                                                                                      my tampon just leaked during my bath and now it looks like i made a tub full of passion fruit tea.
                                                                                                                                     what do you call a german guy wearing basketball shoes? herr jordan
                                             wanna hear a dirty joke? john got dirty. wanna hear a clean joke? john took a bath with bubbles. wanna hear a naughty joke? bubbles was the girl next door.
                                                                                                                         what did the pacific ocean say to the atlantic ocean? nothing, they just waved.
                                                                                                                                               my teacher accused me of plagiarism. his words, not mine.
                                                                                           rednecks what do you call a redneck virgin? a 10 year old girl who can run faster than her brother and father
                                                                                                                                                  16 sodium atoms walk into a bar... followed by batman.
                                                                                                                                              whats long and black and hard to cut into? the line at kfc
                                                                                                                                                         i've got a great joke for you all! runescape 3.
                                                                                  if bon jovi had the 'power to turn back time', he'd go back to when he was relevant & not doing direct tv commercials.
                                                                                         i just called my boss and told him i have explosive diarrhea. it's my day off, but i like to keep him informed.
                                                                                                                    if i win this lottery i'd give half to charity she treated me well at the strip club
                                                                                                                                                      it would take a pretty stupid robot to replace me.
                                                                         when i hear "this call is being monitored for quality assurance" i think "cool, let's see how bad this person wants their job."
                                                                                            don't mind me. just over here shaking my phone like a magic 8-ball, trying to get the screen to rotate back.
                                                        my wife lost interest in sex with me because... ..of my gut, but we still have one thing in common: neither one of us has seen my dick in years.
                         dear father christmas this christmas could you please send me a yellow door. yours sherlock holmes watson: so why do you want a yellow door holmes? lemon-entry my dear watson.
                                                                                                                                                      i'll lean at a 45 degree angle if i'm so inclined.
                                                                          life would be simpler if you were notified when you were added to lists irl. "your crush" has added you to list "friend zone".
                                                                                                                                  i like girls in high heels they're always on there toes whacka, whacka
                                                               the moderator needs a spray bottle. each time someone interrupts, they could just be like: "no! bad presidential candidate! bad!! *spray*
                                                               please. old people. when you comment on a facebook pic you don't need to end with love, james. we can see your name you're not an ostrich
                                                                                                            don't reply to nuclear reactors that say they're ugly. they're just fission for compliments.
                                                                                                                    what's the craziest place you ever made whoopee? that'd have to be in the butt, bob.
                                                                                                                                 i've been waxing my car for twenty years and i still don't know karate.
                                                                                                                            he died doing two things he loved: making a toast sandwich and taking a bath
                                                                                                                          yo mamma so fat i took a picture of her last christmas and its still printing.
                                                              i duct taped a stick to the front of the lawn mower today so i could feel like i was riding a majestic unicorn that eats grass super fast.
                                                                                                                           the difference between dead babies and vegetables? i don't eat my vegetables.
                                                                                                                                                 who runs the 100 acre wood website? www.innie the pooh.
                                                                   when i said that you'd always have a place to stay in rough times, i meant like a motel or a shelter. anyway ... you can't stay here.
                                                                                you're only limited by your own imagination! and money. and talent. and genetics. and time. and other people. go for it!
                                                                                           i'm getting a vanity plate that reads "b pitt" because i like people to be disappointed when they look at me.
                                                                                                         did you know that i hold the world's record for the smallest penis? it's really hard to beat...
                                                                                                                                             oral makes your whole day... but anal makes your hole weak!
                                                                                                                                         have you ever heard of the exhausted frog? he was out of bounds
                                                                                                                                                               the greatest joke of all time... android.
                                                                                                                            what's the difference between 3 dicks and a joke? your mom can't take a joke
                                                                                                          a man left his wife because he found out she was a prostitute and, boy, had he rung up a bill!
                                                                                            what do gynecologists and pizza delivery guys have in common? they have to smell it but they can't taste it!
                                                                                            joke how do you fit an elephant into a safeway bag? answer: you take the s out of safe and the f out of way.
                                                                                   doughnut boxes advertise "zero trans fat" as if anyone buying a box of doughnuts cares about the nutritional content.
                                                                                                                                                        why are mosquitos religious ? they prey on you !
                                                                                                                                              why did the crab hate to share? he was a little shellfish.
                                                                                                                                                    when does 2-1=0 ? when you're talking about choices.
                                                                                                   i just saw a guy running a race and masturbating at the same time. i wonder what place he'll come in.
                                                             please don't put a coin on my mouth when i die; i plan to wander the shores of the river styx for 100 years & finally get that bikini body.
                                                                                                               here's a mind bender my 8 year old son came up with: why are trees green? for camouflage.
                                                                                                                            what do you call a mentally impaired french man that cant say no? a oui-tard
                                                                                                                   what does tupac shakur and oceans 13 have in common?... they were both shot in vegas!
                                                                             what do augusto pinochet and new guns n roses have in common? they've both committed atrocities in south american stadiums.
                                                                                                                     friend: try to relate to her. (later on date) me: *nervously* can i be your cousin?
                                                               what would netflix even do if i sent them back a dvd of me doing karate they'd have no choice but to add it to their collection i suppose
                                                                                                                        crush: i really like music me: *gets jealous of music and rips off crushes ears*
                                                                      harry potter can't tell the difference between his cooking pot and his best friend. [x post from r/fantasy] they're both cauldron.
                                                                         i love when i'm walking closely behind a girl and she starts to speed walk away. it's like she knew i wanted to race all along.
                                                                             [public restroom] me: we'll have to go some place else, it says "unavailable" mom: even the toilet found someone before you
                                                                                    if you love something, set it free... except if 'it' is a man. because he'll get lost, and won't ask for directions.
                                                                                                                                                                where does one apply to be a "kept man"?
                                                                                                       patient: "doctor, i've got a strawberry stuck up my bum." doctor: "i've got some cream for that."
                                                             "welcome to panda express" "i'd like one panda" "sorry we don't sell pand-" *slips cashier $100* "meet me in the back alley in ten minutes"
                                                                                     reception did you hear about the two antennas that got married? the wedding sucked! but, the reception was awesome!
                                                                                you can really scare someone when you yell "peek-a-boo!". especially when they're trying on clothes in the fitting room.
                                                                                                            my son plays this game where he's a bowling ball and the bowling pins are everything we own.
                                                                                                         maid of honor speeches shouldn't end with, "i'll see you all at her next one." i know that now.
                                                               boss: are you high? me: if i was high could i do this? b: what? you aren't doing anything m: sorry i'm super high. what was the question?
                                                                                         to the 20 year old girl who wrote an essay claiming she is too pretty to be allowed to lead a normal life:same.
                                                                                                                                        alice in wonderland taught me to drink things that i'm unsure of
                                                                                         so when is too soon to ask your friend if you can borrow their baby to reenact the lion king? one day old? two?
                                                                                                                                  i found this addvertisement along the road in texas don't texan drive.
                                                                                                                                                     before calling me, ask yourself "is this textable?"
                                                                                                                                                i've always had a problem finishing what i've started...
                                                                                                         why was the poker game at the zoo cancelled? some believed that there was a cheetah among them.
                                                                                                                                 what do you call it when a frog jumps off a bridge? kermitting suicide.
                                                                         book nerds all be like.. 420 blaze it? more like, 451 blaze it! .... on second thoughts, this is probably why i have no friends
                                                                           you hate it "no i just didn't think we'd spend our anniversary here" *pssss* "what was that?!" the bouncy castle is deflating
                                                                                                                                          fridge my fridge has been acting weird, i guess it's bi-polar.
                                                                                                                                       what do you call a priest that becomes a lawyer? a father in law.
                                                                                                                       did you know the weather is just like a muslim? it's either sunni or it's shiite.
                                                                                                                          what do you call a woman who knows where her husband is every night? -a widow.
                                                                                                                                     why are ballerinas so vigilant? they are always kept on their toes.
                                                                                                       why was the orphan so successful? when they told him "go big or go home", he only had one option.
                                                             i often fantasize about lying naked in bed, surrounded by various bags of chips and i have octopus arms so i can eat all the chips at once.
                                                        david cameron's legacy david cameron will go down in history as the man who fucked up his campaign, fucked up his job, and fucked up a dead pig.
                                                                                                                     what did 2 say to 3 about 6? oh don't mind him, he's just the product of our times!
                                                                             if i'm ever on life support, i want you to pull up he plug... then wait 10 seconds and plug it back in, maybe that'll work.
                                                                                                                                 want to know how i can see 6 years into the future? i have 2020 vision.
                                                            "hi do you want to dress up nice so we can queue outside a club & get inside & queue up to buy a drink & then queue up to go to the toilet?"
                                                                                                                         oh nothing, just standing next to my computer browsing the internet on my phone
                                                                                                                                                        how did bob marley like his doughnuts wi' jamin.
                                                                                                                                         what's the only thing in australia that won't kill you? old age
                                                                                                                                   why was the tree in prison? because it broke every branch of the law.
                                                                                me: i'm just gonna take a quick nap. kids: check out the new cirque du soleil show we invented. *living room is on fire*
                                                                                                               me and my brother buried the hatchet last night! we dumped the hooker in the lake though.
                                                                                                                                    what did cinderella say when she got to the ball? *(choking sounds)*
                                                                                                                                                           you know what makes me smile? facial muscles.
                                                                                                                              britain will be just fine... you always lose a few pounds after a breakup.
                                                                    ex-girlfriend: i heard you & your new girlfriend are having problems... well, you've always got my number. me: yes, is it still 666?
                                                                             a man walks into a bar. by the way, i'm the guy who accidentally knocked over usain bolt. sorry, i'm not good with segways.
                                             mum thinks she's dad. **dad:** honey, where oh where is a pair of my underwear? **mum:** your underwear is under there. **dad:** under where? **mum:** yes.
                                                                                                                                 how can you tell which is the head nurse? the one with the dirty knees.
                                                                                                why do grocery stores double-bag everything? like why don't you just make bags that are twice as strong?
                                                              i hate when you meet new friends and you don't know how comfortable you can be with them. like will she get offended if i talk about the d
                                                                                my attempt at a mitch hedberg joke "why are people always having their pizzas delivered? just order them without liver."
                                                                                                                                                           the downvote button is not a disagree button.
                                                                                                                                        once there was a spic who went to the tacular... it was awesome!
                                                                                                                                                 women need a reason to have sex. men just need a place.
                                                                                                                                    what do you call a hippopotamus that's a gigalo? a hit-the-spotimus.
                                       woman from q [nsfw] there was once a woman from q. she filled her vagina with glue. she said with a grin, if you paid to get it in, you'll pay to get it out too.
             star wars meat joke as seen in the death star ii cafeteria: "for those of you finding the wookiee steaks a bit too chewy, try our new ewok chops: guaranteed to be more on the endor side."
                                                                                                                         those of you who think you know it all are damn annoying to those of us who do!
                                                                                                                                   what does a mentally challenged time lord use for travel? a retardis.
                                                                     son, do we have any dopted? son: what is a dopted? dad: you are! son: ha ha funny one    dad.(sarcastically) dad: i'm not your dad!
                                                                                                                        i tried to kill myself once with aspirin, but after the first two i felt better.
                                                                                                                                                 i saw a giraffe with a short neck it was sad, or a deer
                                                                                                                            why isn't there a middle finger emoji i swear i would use it 99% of the time
                                                                                                                       beans &amp; onions q: what do you get when you mix beans and onions? a: tear gas.
                                                                                                                                     what is the most popular canadian poultry restaurant? chic-fil, eh?
                                                                                                                                          why would ellen pao not do her own ama? general pao's chicken.
                                                                                                                     "subpar accommodations. one star." - oldest known tripadvisor rating for bethlehem.
                                                                                                                                  what do you call it when you spill meth into your cake mix? baking bad
                                                                    ranger: remember, don't feed the bears me (being attacked by a grizzly): oh god he's ripping me apart! ranger: what did i just say!?
                                                                                           i'm should probably update everyone who wrote "have a great summer!" in my high school yearbook. it was okay.
                                                                                                                                                            what's brown and rhymes with snoop? dr. dre!
                                                                                                                          blood is thicker than water, so i'm going to have to use comet on this bathtub
                                                                                  autocorrect just changed "carnie" to "catnip" and now all my friends think i slept with a bunch of catnips last night.
                                                                                                  what's do pot and pusssy have in common? you can tell the quality if you can smell it across the room.
                                                                                                                                                        what kind of pants does a monkey wear? ma-khakis
                                                                                                                         i hear voices in my head sometimes. i just ignore them and keep killing people.
                                                                                                                     you shouldn't make fun of people who use viagra. it's hard enough for them already.
                                                                                                                                       how many mexicans does it take to build a holy shit they're done!
                                                      i saw these two blind guys about to fight and i shouted, "my money's on the one with the knife." you should have seen how  fast they both ran off.
                                                                                                       haha no i do not care what people think of me. why what have u heard tell me everything right now
                                                                                                                                     electing trump would really strengthen our dollar sincerely, canada
                                                                                                             did you hear that a former us president bought out a convenience store chain? bush did 7/11
                                                                                                                        a spoon full of sugar helps the medicine go down. unless it's diabetes medicine.
                                                           why are hurricanes sometimes named after women? when they come they're wild and wet, but when they go they take your house and car with them.
                                                                                                            i give new meaning to the word "awesome." at least i did when i changed the wikipedia entry.
                                                                                                                                                     auto correct makes me say things i didn't nintendo.
                                                                              ...and tonight's final jeopardy category is greek mythology *giant centaur snorts and smiles at the other two contestants*
                                                                                                                                     i realize i put this off but how much weight can i lose in 2 hours?
                                                                                                                           how many babies does it take to paint a wall. depends how hard you throw them
                                                                                            a girl recognised me this girl said she recognised me from the vegetarian club, but i'd never met herbivore.
                                                                          it was hard until i came into faith and found bliss she was kind of pissed when she realized i wasn't using a condom though...
                                                                                                                                                          what do you call a woman with one leg? eileen.
                                                                                                                                          thanks for explaining to me what "many" means! it means a lot!
                                                                                                                                                           what does a radical sheep say? allahu ak-baa!
                                                                                 joke i just heard from a drunken asshole man: why does your pussy taste like spinach woman: because i just ate pop eyes
                                                                                                                                    i like my women like i like my coffee... hot and all over my crotch.
                                                                                                        my fiancee doesn't think jokes about drone strikes are funny. personally i find them hillaryous.
                                                                                                            why did the chicken cross the road? to see its smelly friend knock knock whos there chicken!
                                                                                                                                 why did the boy take a ruler to bed with him? to see how long he slept.
                                                                                                                                         if a circle had a football team... ...it would have no corners.
                                                                                                                                         what kind of soap do you use to clean a dirty joke? bawdy wash.
                                                                                                                                                              how did the janitor get rich? sweepstakes.
                                                                                                    it doesn't bother me when people tell me my dick is a joke. but i love it when they can take a joke.
                                                                                                     why did sarah fall out of the tree? because she had no arms. knock-knock! "who's there?" not sarah.
                                                                                                                                    what did the deaf canadian say to the american that was talking? eh?
                                                                                                                                        how do you make holy water? you boil the hell out of it. bahaha.
                                                                          i was confused the other day when someone told me i can make ice cubes with left over wine. what the fuck is "left over wine"?
                                                                                                    did you guys hear about the blind man who got hit in the head by a football? he never saw it coming.
                                                                                                                         it's so weird how everyone's taste buds are different, but only mine are right.
                                                               guns don't kill people people that have 5 kids, 1 cat, 2 ex-mother-in-laws & work 50 hours a week without wine in their life, kill people
                                                                    if you've had your name called over the pa system at a grocery store, you're now famous enough to compete on dancing with the stars.
                                                             my vw beetle can't deliver when i want a "get the fuck out of my way" honk. it's all, "hi! let's get a latte after you move just a smidge!"
                                                                                                                                               how come you never write e-mails? i'd rather send a note!
                                                                                                                                   how do you fit three gay men on a bar stool? you flip the stool over.
                                                                                                                       ''you will die alone.'' i hate fortune cookies. wait! this is a note from my mom!
                                                                                                                    when going out invite your friends with extra chromosomes. ....theyll always be down
                                                                                                                                                              "nietzsche, what's the matter?" "nothing."
                                                                                                                                          what do you call oral sex with a fresh corpse? a david blowie.
                                                                                                                                                                          hit on the head by i. c. stars
                                                                                       why are lumberjacks bad at online video games? because their connections are so weak they are always logging out.
                                                                                                             i put red bull in the hummingbird feeder. i'm pretty sure i just saw one go back in time...
                                                       i was looking through the living room window at the tree i'd just planted and i thought to myself "why didn't i plant it out here in the garden?"
                                                                                i don't watch basketball... if i wanted to see a load of black guys scoring every minute, i'd go to your mother's house.
                                                                                                                                         i'm considering becoming a mind reader. what are your thoughts?
                                                                                                                                  i used to be addicted... to the hokey pokey but i turned myself around
                                                                                                                         i just got fired from my job at the fruit market. i was driving people bananas.
                                                                boss lady was not ok with me dancing around with binder clips on my nipples. apparently we have different definitions of "casual friday"
                                                             [closes kitchen drawer gently and looks at son] i wasn't here *wife walks in with police officer* "did you take a knife to a job interview"
                                                                                                                                             i took a class on personal finance i had no interest in it.
                                                                                                                             my dad told me that getting a blowjob is the only way to get ahead in life.
                                                                                                                  i cleaned my wood floors with furniture polish and now i'm a pretty pretty ice dancer.
                                                                             creation of the woman too bad god didn't make her out of he funny bone **this is just a joke so don't get offended please**
                                                                           what if jesus actually walked on walter and that whole water thing was a typo that no one corrected coz there was no twitter?
                                                                                                                                   what do you get when you throw a piano down a mineshaft? a flat minor
                                                                                                                                           as the day goes on, coworkers start appearing more flammable.
                                                                                                                                        what can strike a blonde without her even knowing it? a thought.
                                                                                                                                                                             healthcare costs in america
                                                                                                                                                            i used to be a missing cat now i'm in a band
                     first witch: i went to the beauty parlor yesterday. i was there for three hours. second witch: oh what did you have done? first witch: nothing i was just going in for an estimate.
                                                                                                                at which fast food restaurant is a hamburger happiest? arthur treacher's fish and chips!
                                                                                                                     which duck will destroy the establishment? none, ducks are not allowed in politics.
                                                                                                                                  why didn't mark watney get any pussy on mars? curiosity killed the cat
                                                                                                                        studies have shown that intelligent people swear more than stupid motherfuckers.
                                                                    [justice league hq] superman: looks like batman is hungry tonight mothman: [visibly sweating] i think i'll just fight daytime crimes
                                                                                                                                       my dad went to jail this morning... because he's the jail doctor.
                                                                                                          what do you get when you cross a camera with a mirror? a camera that takes pictures of itself.
                                                                                                               nowadays, most of the children dream about an iphone, when i was a child  i wanted a dog.
                                                                                                                        what is the worst city to be a cop in? baltimore, i hear it's backbreaking work.
                                                                                                                                                      what does a 75 year old pussy taste like? depends.
                                                                                                                                       a lizard lost its tail... but it got one back from a retail shop!
                                                                                                                                    what do you call an ant that's walking in perfect form? an informant
                                                                                             why do divers fall out of the boat backwards? because if they went forward they would still be in the boat.
                                                                                                                                                               why do bees hum they don't know the words
                                                                                                                                                          knock knock who's there? two two who? to whom!
                                                a sodium atom undergoes a vigorous reaction with flourine... how do you feel?" asks the fluoride ion. "positively shell shocked" the sodium ion replied.
                                                                                                                           my stepmom fell into a wishing well i was amazed- i never thought they worked
                                                                       lebron's life is like one big compass... he went south, his hairline went north, his dad went east and his mom went delonte west.
                                                                                             i hope fashion in the future isn't all like, weird metal bird outfits. cuz a bunch of mine just got stolen.
                                                                me: take my pic *hands him camera & giggles* him: what's funny? me: nothing. him: *presses button, explodes, dies* me: ha! photo bombed!
                                                                                                                       my wife and i are both feminists but i'm a man so i'm a bit better than her at it
                                                                                                                    of all the bands named after handicapped jungle animals, def leppard is my favorite.
                                                                                                                         my new year's resolution is to cut back on my drinking... one fifth a day, max.
                                                                                            customer: waiter, theres a button in my salad... waiter: it must have come off while the salad was dressing.
                                                                                                                                                            what's black and eats pussy? cervical cancer
                                                                                                                what's the difference between a tv and a newspaper? ever tried swatting a fly with a tv?
                                                                                                                                     wake up your lover by hysterically screaming "are you sleeping?!?!"
                                                                            my car starts to hydroplane. i let go & whisper, "do it. become the plane you've always dreamed of. i love you." *soft kiss*
                                                                                                                      i was too late for the ribeye special at the supermarket. such a big missed steak.
                                                   have you heard about the couple who confused the tube of k-y jelly with window putty? it was horrible, all of the windows fell out of their new house
                                                           i just called up the phone company and put em on hold. every 5min i come on an tell them how important their business is  to me. please hold.
                                                                                                                                an optimist sees the glass as half-full. a pezimist fills it with candy.
                        an undertaker says to a bereaved husband when did you realise your wife was dead?' well,' he replies, the sex was the same but the dishes just kept piling up...' from internet.
                                                                                     instead of a condom i keep a moist towelette in my wallet because i run into buffalo wings alot more often than sex
                                                                                                                                 i had sex with a waitress and it was terrible. she just wanted the tip.
                                                                                                                                                  why did the pedophile buy a guitar? to finger a-minor.
                                                                                                                                      how do u confuse a blonde tell them to pee in the corner of a silo
                                                                antivirus pioneer john mcafee is wanted by the police for murder charges. if they catch him, they estimate the trial could last 30 days.
                                                                               going to the middle east for christmas because christmas is da bomb there... came up that myself. i'll walk myself out...
                                                                                                                   it's terrible waking up with regret. perhaps if she changed her name i'd feel better.
                                                                                                  there are a ton of nihilists protesting downtown today... they're part of the #nolivesmatter movement.
                                                                                                                     "only a good guy with a forest fire can prevent forest fires" - smokey the nra bear
                                                                                                                              why couldn't the poop get flushed down the drain? because it was deterred.
                                                                          hell hath no fury like a toddler wants to "do it herself." three hours later, i'm still waiting for her to get out of the car.
                                                                                                                   there was a masturbating contest ... ... i didn't win though, i came in second place.
                                                                                                                                                        "emma stone" ~ italian man telling you he's high
                                                               the term "every 60 second in africa..." is stupid everyone knows africains don't get seconds. they're lucky if they get a single serving.
                                                                  a spider just fell from the ceiling and landed right in front of me and now i have to explain why a woman was screaming in my cubicle.
                                                                                                                                               what do you call a nun in a wheelchair? **virgin mobile**
                                                                                                                                        i had sex with somebody and caught their cold. i have snyphilis.
                                                                                                                                            why did the fisherman decide to go fishing? for the halibut.
                                                                      if someone asks you what time it is they either: want to sleep with you; or are some kind of psycho that doesn't have a cellphone.
                                                                                              you should be able to get out of a speeding ticket if you can prove you were listening to a kick-ass song.
                                                                                                                  how can you tell what rank a russian soldier is? count the stripes on his track pants.
                                                 mickey is getting a divorce "mickey mouse it says you want to divorce minnie because she was...... extremely silly?" "no, i said she was fucking goofy"
                                                                                                                 what do you get when you mix a retard and a fuckhead? an american! you get an american!
                                                                                                    what do we want? racing car noises! when do we want them? neeeeeeeeooooooowwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
                           manager: twenty teams in the league and you lot finish bottom? captain: well it could have been worse. manager: how? captain: there could have been more teams in the league!
                                                                                i saw an advert that read: "television for sale, $1, volume stuck on full." i thought to myself, i can't turn that down.
                                                                                                                                             why do anarchists smell so bad? because they're *revolting*
                                                                                                                                                            where does moses get his coffee? hebrews it.
                                                                                                                                                 what does a cannibalistic homosexual sailor eat? semen.
                                                                                                                           i hate jokes that rely on visual imagery... i've had it up to here with them.
                                                                                                                         what should you do before criticizing pac-man? waka waka waka mile in his shoes
                                                                                               god i'm so stupid i was looking all over for my car keys, turns out they were on my head the entire time.
                                                                                                    q: what do you get when you cross a camera with a mirror? a: a camera that takes pictures of itself.
                                                                                                                                           please comment apparently that's how the real jokes are made.
                                                                                                                                what did the hair stylist do when the beach boys came on? the barber ran
                                                                                                                                                                                          my sex life...
                                                                                                     why were men given larger brains than dogs? so they wouldn't hump women's legs at cocktail parties.
                                                                                  i'm not an alcoholic, i only drink on days that start with letter t. tuesday, thursday and today. edit: also tomorrow.
                                                                               internet explorer is actually my favorite browser.. to download other browsers with abraham lincoln, 1863 -morgan freeman
                                                                                                                                 when i get my paycheck i turn into gollum from 'the lord of the rings'.
                                                                                             asian guy walks into a salon... asian guy walks into a salon and says "i want to get my ass hole breached."
                                                                                                                                                          *tries to warm up car* car: i have a boyfriend
                                                            husband: you're like homework wife: why? are you gonna throw me on the table and do me all day? husband: no, leave you alone and masturbate.
                                                                                                            what do you do when you see a bloody mexican in your garbage can? quit laughing, and reload.
                                                                                                                                                keep your friend's toast, but keep your enemy's toaster.
                                                                                                                                                        i'm addicted to glue you just get attached to it
                                                                                                            fuck! i have to fly to california to prevent a forest fire. this is too much responsibility!
                                                                                                                                               what do you think mozart is doing right now? decomposing.
                                                                                                      what do we want? an end to auto-correct errors! when do we want it? cow! sow! bow! tow! duck this!
                                                                                                                                          what was hitler's favorite yugioh card? blue eyes white person
                                                              husband wanted me to go hunting today. he bought me the cutest brown outfit and a cute lil hat, you know with the fake antl..wait a minute
                                                                                                                 did you hear about scrooge's drinking problem? he had a dickens of a time with spirits.
                                                                  if you don't call your spouse "wonderful" when you're on a game show, you're legally required to get a divorce at the end of the show.
                                                              wife: i love the oaky, earthen taste of this wine. friend: mine is both crisp and full-bodied. me: [corks on my teeth] i am count corkula.
                                                                                                                                      what do you tell a woman with two black eyes? what's up my nigga?!
                                                              before i rush off to the bathroom to pee, i just wanted to tell you what a good friend you are to me. on a scale from 1 to 10... *urinate*
                                                                                                              every year there's a teacher i hate. the past three years it's been my 10th grade teacher.
                                                                                                                      why do accountants get excited on  saturdays? they can wear casual clothes to work
                                                                                                 what do a feminist and a hockey player have in common? they both change their pads after three periods.
                                                                                          what if daft punk is just a couple of rad old ladies who met in knitting club and shared a love of sick beats?
                                                                                                  what did robin williams do when he got to his office early? he hung around until his assistant arrived
                                                                                                                                  what do you call a magical creature with a skin disease? a leperchaun.
                   reddit thread: what's the coolest thing on the internet i can buy for under $100? http://www.reddit.com/r/askreddit/comments/wyozq/what_is_the_coolest_thing_i_can_buy_on_the/c5hp9rg
                                                                                               8y:thank you for the present grandma ....: no need.. 8y: that's what i thought too but mum said i have to
                                                                                                   someone just stole my lemon loaf.... out of everything that happened today, they really took the cake
                                                                                                                                              what do you call a fear of horned bovines? aurochnophobia.
                                                             dr: ... me: ... d: ... m: ... d: *sighs* did you stick an orange up your rectum m: no *orange falls out onto floor* d: ... m: *mumbles* yes
                                                                                                              why did adele cross the road? because she wanted to say: &gt; hello from the other side...
                                                                                                                      nothing ruins a game of hide and seek like when the cops let the k9 off the leash.
                                                                                                                             are you an arson and a musician? woooooooaahhhhhooooo, your sax is on fire!
                                                                                                                                     how many stuttering mexicans does it take to crash a server? d--dos
                                                                                                                                 exponential horse walks into a bar. bartender says "why the log(face)?"
                                                                                                                                   you make every other name that comes up on my phone a disappointment.
                                                                   guns put a teddy roosevelt in their barrel when they decide to commit suicide. stolen from u/nikolaibk in the top comment thread atm.
                       how many americans does it take to change a light bulb one american to hire a mexican to change the bulb and other 323.99 million to complain about outsiders stealing their jobs
                                                                                                                                      how come django's wife never hears django coming? the d is silent.
                                                                                                                                       why did the negative number look so surprised? he was nonplussed.
                                                                                                                   what do you do when your girlfriend starts smoking? slow down and maybe use some lube
                                                                                                                               who declared west africa ebola-free? who declared west africa ebola-free.
                                                                  whats the difference between a rooster and a gay surfer? a rooster says, "cock-a-doodle-doo.". a surfer says, "dude, a cock will do.".
                                                                                                      i hung a horseshoe above the door for goodluck. my wife still came home. superstitions are stupid.
                                                                                the sign at this gas station says "turn engine off" so i catcalled my engine and its cute friend from across the street.
                                                                              what's the difference between jesus and a picture of jesus? the picture only needs one nail to hang. (p.s i am christian )
                                                                                                                     did you hear about the neckbeards that raped the killer clown? they did it, reddit.
                                                                                                    movie opinion as far as i'm concerned, precious is the best film in the big momma's house franchise.
                                                                                              if "precious" is based on the novel by sapphire, "twilight" is based on the catalog by abercrombie & fitch
                                                                                               how many dads does it take to change a light bulb? asking because it's been a week and mine still hasn't.
                                                                                                                    what did the a/c unit say when it suddenly turned on? "sorry, i just needed to vent"
                                                                                                                          what is the best part of having alzheimer's? you`re always meeting new people.
                                                                                                                      what's the definition of a school report?  a poison pen letter from the principal.
                                  whats the similarity between monkey in the middle and football? both of the groups that are concered about the health of someone playing both begin with the letter p.
                                                                                                                                        a joke i just made... "i just invented a new word... plagiarism"
                                                                                                                                                why did the bicycle fall over? because it was two tired.
                                                                                                                                             what do we want? hearing aids! when do we want them? what?!
                                                                                                                       making a frisbee out of bread. let's see how those bloody pigeons deal with that!
                                                                                                                                           why did the blind man walk into a wall? somebody shot his dog
                                                                                                                  build-a-bear won't let you stuff your animal with asbestos or bees so what's the point
                                                                                                                                                    what sex position makes an ugly baby??? ask your ma!
                                                                                                                            i decided for dinner to make the duck confit as i was in a really fowl mood.
                                                                                                                    did you hear about the aggie that moved to oklahoma? raised the i.q. of both states.
                                                                                                        did you hear about the gipsy that had a glass baby married a fortune teller with a crystal ball.
                                                                                                                                                 what did keanu reeves say to slow down his horse? whoa.
                                                                                                                                    how come spider-man didn't get the most obvious spider trait? black.
                                                                                                                                                                      i hate circles. they're pointless.
                                                                                                                                 what do you call a black man flying a plane? the pilot you racist fuck.
                                                                                                                                  how do you call a dog that likes to be on the internet? a labragoogle.
                                                                                       netflix, stop making me wait 15 seconds between episodes. i can't click because i'm eating cereal and a sandwich.
                                                                                                      how many ears does captain kirk have? three. his left ear, his right ear, and the final front ear.
                                                                                                                                                         why did the duck get a red card? for fowl play.
                            the dent "i noticed you've got a dent on your car?" "yeah." "oh. did you drink too much last evening?" "yes, i did." "i see. so your wife had to drive you home?" "exactly."
                                                        the hydrogen + ion got into a fight with the hydrogen oxide - ion online the h + called the oh - too basic and the oh - called the h+ to acidic.
                                                                                                              i just dozed off for a minute and woke up freaking out because i thought i missed my exit.
                                                                                  as a white, male acoustic-guitar owner, it appears i'm legally obligated to post a video of myself playing on youtube.
                                                             look, you invented bread and i invented knives. let's combine forces and we could be the best thing since...well we'll think of that later.
                                                             getting mail addressed to "current resident" is the sales equivalent of a guy group texting "you free tonight?" to every girl in his phone.
                                                                                                                 what do you call a group of singing people floating around in the ocean? an acappellago
                                                                                                my doctor is so young that, when i need them, he just comes in the room shouting, "shots! shots! shots!"
                                                                                                                        what do you call a little mexican? a paragraph. because he's not quite an essay.
                                                                                                                                people don't make your heart skip a beat. medical conditions do. idiots.
                                                                                                               march forth is national grammar day march forth, it is national grammar day on march 4th!
                                                                                                                                                       how do you end a prayer to the noodle god? ramen.
                                                                                                              i think i want a job cleaning mirrors it's just something i could really see myself doing.
                                                                                                                                      where do you find a turtle with no legs? right where you left him.
                                                                                                                                                       i bet taylor swift still believes in santa claus.
                                                               happy 47th birthday, teens logging into adults-only websites! and the same to anyone else whose birthday actually *is* january 1st, 1969.
                                                                                                    my jewish friend told me about krav maga.... to which i replied "is that some sort of a legal term?"
                                                                         eaten so many blue cheese stuffed olives today that it feels like france and greece are waging a war for land in my intestines.
                                                    the tongue twister... the wife asks her husband: -hey, do you know any tongue twisters? -yes, penis. -penis? thats not a tongue twisfhndnfasdfnghfgh
                                                                                    everything is "our lady" this & "mother mary" that. you'd think church people would enjoy your mom jokes a lot more.
                                                                  riddler: what has-- batman: a gazebo robin: matches riddler: let me finish- bm: a paperweight r: dental floss riddler: i hate you guys
                                                                                                 a half chinese, half italian mobster came into my store today he made me an offer i couldn't understand
                                                                                                                                                      proof that bush did 7/11 jet fuel cant melt icee's
                                                                                                                            "are you a member of any organized political party?" "no. i'm a republican."
                                                                              i didn't actually read the article but i did leave it open on my browser for 30 min, so i think i'm qualified to weigh in.
                                                                                                 it's depressing to think how much more dora the explorer has seen and done in her life compared to mine
      grandma walks into a butcher's shop grandma: "hi, i'd like to buy one baloney." butcher: "pre-sliced or in one piece?" grandma lifts her skirt and says: "does this look like a cd player to you?"
                                                                     what do you call a muslim with a piece of ham on his head hamed... what do you call one with two pieces of ham on his head morhamed
                                                                                              if you love something, set a cheese trap. if you catch it, it's a mouse. why are you in love with a mouse?
                                                                                   i've reached the most difficult moment in parenting: explaining to my son why the first star wars movie is episode 4.
                                                                                                                                      michael jackson's last words "take me to the children's hospital."
                                                                                                                       sometimes i'm right. other times my wife is close enough to hear what i'm saying.
         what do dwarves and hipsters have in common? (just made this joke up, help me if i can word it better) they're underground, and it's hard to tell males from females. or something like that =)
                                                                                                                                              what does earth say to the other planets? you have no life
                                                                                                                                                                      so, a baby seal walks into a club.
                                                                                                                                                                   what's another name for floor pie? 3.
                                                                                                                                 how do you get a bass player off of your porch? you pay for your pizza.
                                                                                                                                                                                         donald trump...
                                                                                                                           why does michael jackson like 26 year olds? because there are twenty of them.
                                                                                                                                              the time you really begin to envy your cat monday morning.
                                                                                                              what did the man say to the formula 1 driver who nearly rear-ended him? thanks verstappen.
                                                                              if a villain really wanted to kill james bond, he should just inject hiv into one of his attractive cohorts and then wait.
                 i was born a catholic which came as a big surprise to my parents who were both protestants. source: irish actor michael redmond (fr. stone in fr. ted) on 'an irishman abroad' podcast.
            why is that mac owners always say their computers never get viruses... ...when it is clear that being a pretentious douche is a clear example of a virus that is exclusive to mac ownership?
                                                                                                                                what did the bread do after it had been oppressed for many years? rye-ot
                                                                                                                                all barcode tattoos ring up as ranch dressing. every single one of them.
                                                                                                                apple released a pack of playing cards that only has 48 cards they removed all the jacks
                                                                               (warning racist and horrible humor, nsfw) how do you start a rave party in ethiopia? nail a piece of toast to the ceiling
                                                                                                                                            why is 7 afraid of 8? it's not, numbers don't have emotions.
                                                                                                                                         anal with my girlfriend made my day. but it made her hole weak.
                                                                                                                     ironic! that even if oscar pistorious is found not guilty .he still won't walk free
                                                                                                                                                   i get my best showering ideas when i'm writing jokes.
                                                                                    i just invented a new word: [plagiarism](https://www.reddit.com/r/jokes/comments/277604/i_just_invented_a_new_word/)
                                                                                                                                            your momma so slutty... ...her spirit animal is the swallow.
                                                                                               putting a light in the refrigerator is god's way of telling us that it's okay to eat before going to bed.
                                                                                                                           what do you call a black widow trapped in a bowl of noodles? natasha ramenoff
                                                                                                                                the year is 2016. dads go out for a vape pen refill and never come back.
                                                             police arrested 2 kids yesterday, one was drinking battery acid, the other was eating fireworks. they charged one and let the other one off
                                                                                                                                         i go to the gym so infrequently that i still call it the james.
                                                                                                                                      what is the bank manager's favourite type of football? fiver side!
                                                                                                     why is there only women's studies in college, but not men's? because we call men's studies history.
                                                                                                                               a woman converting to islam is like a black person converting to slavery.
                                                                                                                               nick saban walks into a bar... to watch the college football championship
                                                                                                         me: my new year's resolution is to eat less wife: good! me: (very, very quietly) ...vegetables.
                                                                  google, microsoft and disney are among suitors for twitter will it be twoogle ? twindows ? the wonderful world of tweets ? be prepared
                                                                                                                            my wife was abducted by a gang of mimes. they did unspeakable things to her.
                                                                                                     question: if a man speaks in the forest and there is no woman around to hear him is he still wrong?
                                              the porn version of interstellar is out ... it's called "intostella". for the bonus point: in the gay porn version, matthew mcconaughey ends up in uranus.
                                                                                                                                              why does waldo wear stripes? he doesnt want to be spotted.
                                                                    i named my penis "che guevara"... ... because he strikes fast and retracts even faster. ^^^also ^^^he ^^^has ^^^a ^^^funny ^^^beard.
                                                                                                                             what do you call 6.02 x 10^23 atoms of avocado dipping sauce? one guacamole
                                                                                                                                              like a good neighbor state farm and i haven't ever spoken.
                                                                                                                  i'm circling the auto shop and hoping that my mechanic can hear me yelling, "brakes!".
                                                                          new study shows that birthdays are good for your health statistics show that people who have more birthdays, live the longest!
                                                                                                          so i've been dating this anorexic girl... ...but lately i've been seeing less and less of her.
                                                                                  if someone tells you he can swallow a whole coconut... ...let him do it, it means he has complete trust in his anus :d
                                                                                 i was at a restaurant and my waitress had a black eye... so i ordered really slow, because she obviously doesn't listen
                          bring on the limericks! belinda, a charming young lass had a most magnificent ass. twasn't rounded and pink, as you probably think, it was grey, had long ears, and ate grass.
                                                                                                                             no matter how hard i tried to push the envelope... it was still stationery.
                                                                               i don't get how people say mickey rourke looks bad for his age... ...don't they realise his first film role was in 1941?!
                                                                                     a tornado is about 5 minutes away and our satellite is out. i hope our house lands somewhere where the cable works!
                                                                         being a chemist, i feel pleasure to announce that i've just synthesised cph4(lucy drug). i wish i could post it in r/worldnews.
                                                                                                                                   have you seen jesus's abs?!! he must be doing that cross-fit workout!
                                                                                                                      what is a yankee ? what is a yankee? well, its like a quicky but your by yourself.
                                                                             i just saw a poster that said "have you seen this man?" with a number to call... so i called the number and told them "no."
                                                                                                 im a doctor and i saw an 85 year old patient with aids the other day.. turns out they were hearing aids
                                                              cop: wife shot the husband for bothering her while reading a book sargent: you arrested her? c: no s: why? c: she's not done with the book
                                        two jewish businessmen meet in the street. "oy abraham i'm sorry to hear about that fire at your warehouse".  "ssh!" hisses the other "it's not till next week".
                                                                                                                            why do people have legs? so our ass wouldn't hit the floor while we walk!!!!
                                                                                                                                     insulting bakers is good fun you can really get a rise out of them.
                                                                                                                                                      what animal has exactly 12 grams of carbon? a mole
                                                                  why did the chicken say, "in the name of the father, and of the son, and of the holy spirit..."? because the chicken crossed the road.
                                                                                                what do you do after you licked the softest and sweetest puss in the world? you put it back in the crib.
                                                                                          what does this joke's punchline &amp; a 50 foot penis have in common? you can see them coming from miles away.
                                                                                                                                                  why did turkey disappear? because austria was hungary.
                                                                            barista: latte for waldo barista: do we have a waldo here barista: where's waldo me: *proudly nudging a stranger* i did that
                                                                                                          who names hurricanes? are people actually supposed to be intimidated by something named sandy?
                                                                                                                                                            what do you call a dizzy asian? disoriented.
                                                                     my wife said i could cum in the other hole tonight. but for some reason she got angry when she saw me lying in bed with her friend.
                                                                                                                                                  what do you call an average mexican? nacho average guy
                                                                                     i think sandra bullock chooses movies based solely on the number of times she can say "oh no! oh no! oh no! oh no!"
                                                                                                                                          what do you get when you have sex with an alligator? gatoraids
                                                            i wonder if the coach of the opposing team on air bud got fired when he explained to the principal how a golden retriever outscored his team
                                                                                                             itis sad when a girl breaks up and changes back to her ii need attentioni facebook picture.
                                                                                                                                                          what do you call a gay dinosaur? a megasoreass
                                                                                                                                                                                can happiness buy money?
                                                                                       warning: keep out of reach of children- do not stand too close to them, they are gross and will ask you for stuff
                                                                                       stress? don't talk to me about stress. some of my favorite tv characters are currently in truly sticky situations
                                                                                                                                       what do you call a bunch of white guys sitting on a bench the nba
                                                                                       a police officer came up to me yesterday and said, "where were you between four and six?" i said, "kindergarten."
                                                                                                                                           i don't date married men. i mean i wouldn't call it dating...
                                                                                                                                                  what do people in arkansas do for halloween? pump kin.
                                                                                                                                             what word in the dictionary is always spelled wrong? wrong.
                                                                                                                                where do the japanese store defective mannequin feet? in bent-toe boxes.
                                                            so /u/unidan is housing a redhead because her condo flooded and he owns a vacant rental property at the top of the hill in town. thanks dan.
                                                                                                                                        remember, if we get caught, you are deaf and i speak no english.
                                                                             the cool thing about shaving all my pubes off is that i get to see exactly what my penis looked like when i was first born.
                                                                                                                    "my god...we're monsters," i murmured to a local monster, who nodded sympathetically
                                                               my daughter just said, "daddy, you're good looking & not fat like other dads." she's only 10, but we're headed to the bmw dealership now.
                         a couple of irishmen are walking down a dirt road . . . the come across a sign that says "tree fellers wanted". one of them says to the other, "to bad there's only two of us."
                                                                                                                                                                                             transjenner
                                                                                                                                            what's a crossfit bro's favorite italian dish? testosteroni.
                                                   the pythagorean theorem, newton's third law and bernoulli's principle walk into a bar. the bartender says, "i'm not going to get this joke aren't i?"
                                                                                         why do scuba divers fall backwards off of the boat? because if they fell forwards, they'd still be on the boat!
                                                                                                                                                why did the bicycle fall down? because it was two-tired.
                                                                                                                                                      what 8-letter word has one letter in it? envelope.
                                                                                                  every so often, i try to fornicate a large word into conversation, even if i'm not sure what it means.
                                                                                                   what's the difference between anal sex and an oven? the oven doesn't fart when you take the meat out.
                                                                                           star wars is just like regular wars except you fall in love with your sister and your dad chops your arm off.
                                                                                                                    i shouldn't laugh at all what is brown and lives in a tree? - - - - - - - - -a stick
                                                                                                                                                                  the pickle is like your sandwich's pet
                                                                                                                             never underestimate a woman sitting quietly in a corner sharpening a knife.
                                                                                      why did the punctuation mark have such an easy time going out with other punctuation marks? it was a comma dating.
                                                                                                                                       9/11 jokes are just plane wrong. write any other jokes about 9/11
                                                                                                                                                        me: goodnight moon *moon favs but doesn't reply*
                                                                               what do you get when you cross a sith lord, and a donkey? darth mule! a joke, from third grade me... happy star wars day!
                                                                                                               what's the difference between a redditor and a brick? the brick will eventually get laid.
                                                                                                                                                                 i hate what you've done with the place.
                                                                                             my new truck is older than my girlfriend... its ok though a 12 year old truck still has a lot if life left.
                                                                                                                                  roses are grey, violets are grey, daisies are grey, because i'm a dog.
    headphone....... a man was on a plane when a stewardess approached him and said, "would you like some headphones?" to which the man replied, "yes i would, but how did you know my name was phones?"
                                                                                                 royal jokes. (discuss) i want to see what jokes people can come up with about the british royal family.
                                                          so a navy man returns to his ship after a night in port. the next morning he's shocked to find everyone speaking russian... whoops, wrong sub.
                                                                                                                                                      give 100% in everything you do except giving blood
                                                                                                                                             what do you call a nun that sleep walks? a roamin' catholic
                                                                                                                  where is the best place to hide something? the second page of search results of google
                                                                                                                                  *gets into canoe* guide: ok, everyone grab an oar! *gets out of canoe*
                                                                                                                                         how does every racist joke start? by looking over your shoulder
                                                                                                                                                 an elephant never forgets my dick remembers everything.
                                                                                                                                      my family thinks i don't get jokes but i'm actually great at them!
                                                                                           what did ray charles say when they handed him a cheese grater? this is the most violent thing i've ever read.
                                                                                                                              i'm done telling racist jokes because... once you tell juan you tell jamal
      saddam hussein was not found hiding in a "hole." saddam was roundhouse-kicked in the head by chuck norris in kansas, which sent him through the earth, stopping just short of the surface of iraq.
                                                                                                                          what is donald trump telling barack obama supporters? orange is the new black.
                                                                                                                                                               president obama to rename the white house
                                                                                                       what's the difference between a male lawyer and a male prostitute? a male prostitute charges $20.
                                                                                          my uncle aaron is sort of the black sheep of the family because his skin is black & everybody else's is white.
                                                                                           i may not be that funny or athletic or good looking or smart or talented i forgot where i was going with this
                                                                             man goes to a doctor and says "doctor i feel like i'm swimming in an african river" the doctor replies "you're in de nile."
                                                                                    every time i have a salad for lunch my stomach feels the same way a dog does when someone fake throws a tennis ball.
                                                                                                                                              what did ciderella say when she got to the ball? "*-gag*-"
                                                                                                                                                 what do they call a bra in sweden? a holdsemfromfloppin
                                                                                                                                    why don't monkeys gamble in the jungle? there are too many cheetahs.
                          a joke there was a dragon one time who didn't care about shit. it was real mad a lot. it said, "fuck you" to just about every one. except for this one guy who he kinda liked.
                                                                                     what did the hamburger say when it found out that most people liked hamburgers better than frankfurters? 'hot dog!'
                                                                                         math and sex math is like sex you add the people, subtract the clothes, you divide and hope you don't multiply.
                                                                                                                                                      what did the fish say when it ran into a wall? dam
                                                                                                                                             i'm going out with two anorexic girls, two birds, one stone
                                                                                                                                 they say nice guys finish last.. but isn't that what most women prefer?
              the queen elizabeth doesn't have one. the pope has one, yet he does not use it. arnold schwarzenegger's is big, and brad pitt's is small. what am i talking about? a last name, you pervs.
                                                                       'it's a pity you've gone on hunger strike' said the convict's girlfriend on visiting day. 'why ?' 'i've put a file in your cake.'
                                                                                                                      what did the elephant say to the naked man? how do you breathe through that thing?
                                                                                                3 things you never get back : a word after it's said time after it's passed your pen if i really like it
                                                                                                                            it's not a relationship until you argue about whose turn it is to apologize.
                                                                                                                                        what did the scientist say at the bar? i'd like some h20 please.
                                                                                                      isis is not global warming... i heard pratt &amp; whitney were united tonight. god bless you both!
                                                                                                                               (sigh) i thought "the scarlet letter" was a book about red stationery....
                                                                                                                                                    i play golf like i have sex i mostly hit 3's and 4's
                                                                                                                                                 what do you call a mexican mountain climber? caribeaner
                                                                                                                            playing the prequel to angry birds where the pigs fuck all the birds' wives.
                                                                                                                                           the nsa the only part of the government that actually listens
                                                                                                             trump is already making good on his promise for jobs. who else would hire three doors down?
                                                             so i was eating my grandma out yesterday... when i tongued the familiar taste of horse semen, which is when i realized how my grandma died.
                                                                                                                                 why was the necrophiliac depressed? his rotten girlfriend split on him.
                                                                                                                                      what do you call the guy who envies his friend's gelatin? jello-us
                                                                     hurricanes, famine, disease, war crimes, child molestation, political corruption. and jesus appears to mankind on a slice of toast.
                                                                                                                                  when is a man up and coming ? when he`s f*cking in an elevator. (ed.s)
                                                                                scandanavian booty call what did the norse goddess say to thor when he drunk dialed her? "i aint no valhalla back girl."
                                  a friend sent me a gif of la traffic took me about a day to realise it was a pic. (based on a submission on reddit some time ago) also, this joke is shit, i get that.
                                                                                                                                                       "cool calculator watch dude." ~nobody since 1987.
                                                                                                                   i tried turning my ac off today but couldn't.... turns out it's hard to stop a trane.
                                                                                                            what's the difference between a bmw and a cactus? on a cactus, the pricks are on the outside
                                                                                                                                           as an alzheimer's patient, this is my favorite joke on reddit
                                                                                             what happened after 14-year-old richie inherited his father's footwear empire? he came into a lot of socks.
                                                                                                                                           in the middle east its hard to tell who's crazy, and hussein.
                                                             i hate when living under a rock is compared to fox news. at least living under a rock helps me better understand the suffering of the poor.
                                                                                                                   did you hear about the farmer who's wife left him? she left him a "john deere" letter
                                                                            2 blondes fell into a hole the first one said "*its dark in here,isn't it?*" the second one said"*i don't know,i cant see.*"
                                                                                                                     why did the man on a lake full of docks build another one he felt the peir pressure
                                                                                                                   a roman guy walks into a bar, raises two fingers, and says... "i'll take five beers."
                                                                                      so the bus driver said to the string "are you a string?" and the string said "no i'm afraid not". (a frayed knot).
                                                                                                                                  what's the worst thing your wife can say during sex? "honey i'm home!"
                                                                                                     why did the blind jew hate driving in germany? when it came to speed bumps, he did nazi them coming
                                                                                                                     it's amazing how alcohol can make you do so many stupid things on your smart phone.
                                                                                    its 2013 fellas, if youre saying anything other than "punch out a grumpy" to describe taking a crap youre a dinosaur
                                                                                                                                                                          siri, does this look infected?
                                                                                                 why are there no guys named william serving in the army? because they dislike the phrase "fire at will"
                                                 how to check whether you have a fast pc... click anywhere on your desktop (not on icon). quickly press on keyboard ctrl+a then enter. so you will know.
                                                                              what does a virgin woman and a shotgun have in common? one cock and they're ready to burst. edit: grammar, thanks /u/j7t12
                                                              hulk hogan: i struggled to overcome manic-depression. me [as his therapist]: so you could say you had to wrestle mania? *gets leg dropped*
                                                                                                                                            where does jon bon jovi reside? --- he's living on a prairie
                                                                                                                            what's the worst part about meeting someone with parkinson's? shaking hands.
                                                                                       facebook is the second most popular word that starts with "f" and ends with "k" firetruck is a very popular word!
                                                                                               if life had a 'ctrl + alt + del' option, you bet your ass i'd be hitting that thing about 14 times a day.
                                                                *tweets funniest tweet ever *dies laughing *over 6 billion die laughing *germany and russia survive *coz nobody left to explain the joke
                                                                                                                                      james bond slept through an earthquake he was shaken, not stirred.
                                                                                                                                               mother's day is once a year... but sunday is once a week!
                                                            next time you over hear a stranger giving out their number. text them details of what they are wearing. it's so fun to watch them freak out!
  i was walking down the street with my wife.. and i saw my mother in law being beaten up by six men, when my wife asked "aren't you going to help?" i said "no, six should be enough." from les dawson.
                                                                       john wayne vs. johnnie walker what the difference between john wayne and johnnie walker? johnnie walker is still killing indians.
                                                                                                                                                         i used to be schizophrenic... but now we're ok.
                                                                                                                                                                what do you call a gay avatar? a bender.
                                                                                                               i've always wanted a pew in my house because i remember how well i use to sleep on those.
                                                                           felt like my car was going to blow over from this wind today. i feel bad for the smart cars that are probably stuck in trees.
                                                                                                      so, helena bonham carter and tim burton have split up! it's a bit of a nightmare before christmas.
                                                                                           i bet my butcher $50 that he couldn't reach the meat on the top shelf. he said "no, the steaks are too high".
                                                              my ex said she left me because of my short attention span. unbeknownst to her i actually...damn that's a cool ass word right? unbeknownst.
                                                                                                   well, it's easy to tell i'm married. it's friday night and i'm at home updating my facebook status...
                                                                                                                                                          "all you need is love." -billionaire musicians
                                                                                            just asked my wife what she's "burning up for dinner" and it turned out to be all of my personal belongings.
                                                                                          i have been working on some jokes about parkinson's disease. but the punch lines are all a bit shakey at best.
                                                                                                                thongs are like barbed wire fences. they protect the property, but don't block the view.
                                                                                                                           what kind of car drives over water? any kind of car if it goes over a bridge.
                                                                                         a mathematician walks into a bar and orders a drink. the punchline has been left as an exercise for the reader.
                                                                                       when do you really know you need to break up with you gf? when she starts winning arguments with you inner-voice.
                                                                                                                   why does the swimming pool get laid every night? because he makes all the ladies wet.
                                                                                                                                        moisten thyself and wait for me in the westernmost grunting shed
                                                                                                   note to self: used vhs tapes do not make good emergency gifts, always go with stuff from the freezer.
                                                                                                                                   who was the 45th vice president of the united states? [warning: gore]
                                                                                            you better watch out... ... 'cause i know jiu jitsu, tae kwon do, kung fu, and about 12 other chinese words!
                                              x post from meanjokes: michael schumacher regained consciousness today, have your heard how the doctors did it? they sat him on the window seat of the bus
                                                              executive: calling our store "bed & bath" isn't working. how can we take our branding to the next level? buzz lightyear: i have an idea...
                                                                                                                                                              never trust a tree. they're shady as fuck.
                                                                                                                  what's the difference between three black guys and a joke? your mom can't take a joke.
                                                                                                      did you hear monica lewinsky became a republican? the democrats just left a bad taste in her mouth
                                                                                                                                   who'll handle the guantanamo closing? same guys who did circuit city?
                                                                                                                                                 what's the best time to go to the dentist? tooth hurty!
                                                                                                      [baby wakes up in the middle night] "go back to sleep, hun. i'll sort it out." [puts baby on ebay]
                                                                                                                                       10 ways on how to deal with click baiting! does anyone know them?
                                                                                                                                                    want to hear a gay joke? nevermind... it's kinda gay
                                                            when i'm sad i go to the fabric softener aisle of a store & imagine i'm in the clean mountains surrounded by blue sparkles and wild flowers.
                                                                                       joke of the millennium.. teacher -"where is the capital of out country???" student -"in swiss banks".. :p :d lolx
                                                         i was invited to a party... the dress code said "black tie only". but when i got there, i noticed other people had worn shirts and trousers too
                               oooooo ....that went deep i was at the drug store buying condoms and the cashier said .... would you like a bag with those sir.... i said... nahh shes not that ugly.....
                                                                                                                                                            a mean mathematician is just an average guy.
                                                                                                            why is jesus happy people hang pictures of him? it only takes one nail to put him on a wall.
                                                                                                                  a pirate, a chicken and a train enter a bar. "what can i get you?" arr bkawk choo choo
                                                                                                                                                                   occupation: the family disappointment
                                                                                              if electricity always flows in the path of least resistance why doesn't lightning always strike in france?
                                                                                                                                            why are fruit rapists seldom found alone? they come in pears
                                                                                       what's the difference between bacteria and rednecks? when looking at bacteria you can actually find some culture.
                                                                                                                   how many suhhh dudes does it take to screw in a lightbulb? none, it's already lit fam
                                                                                                                                    why did the basketball receive medical attention? he was passed out.
                                                                          when my date told me he was a 'culinary genius', i replied, 'then this brazilian won't go to waste!', and winked. now we wait.
                                                                                                                                                  have you ever eaten ethiopian food? neither have they.
                                                                                                                                               i dont always roll a joint... but when i do its my ankle.
                                                                                              so i accidentally called my teacher 'mommy' yesterday... now she knows exactly what kind of porn i'm into.
                                                                                                             what should you do if you see your tv floating? turn on the lights and shoot the black guy.
                                                                                ground control to kerbal iii, how willing would you be to share your proximity to the equator? we have zero inclination.
                                                                                                  you know what the difference between an suv and a rental car is? you can take a rental car *anywhere*.
                                                                                  the biggest problem with getting my picture taken is anytime someone says "cheese!" my immediate response is "where!!"
                                                                              if you're feeling down about yourself, it won't help you to know that honey boo boo makes more money than school teachers.
                                                                                                                                                      this 5p bag tax is great i can get a 10bag for 50p
                                                                                                                        i don't trust any person who hasn't memorized the fuck out of bohemian rhapsody.
                                                                                                                             an alcoholic walks into a candy store... then a table, then a chair, floor.
                                                                                                      they should make supermarket camouflage. so people you know won't see you and want to talk to you.
                                                                                                                       we called her herpes helen we called her herpes helen because her name was helen.
                                                                                                          heckling i am looking for some heckling like jokes to yell out during soccer games. any ideas?
                                                                                  lsd makes users lose weight' that makes sense, it's kinda hard to get to the fridge when there's a dragon guarding it.
                                                                                                                                              what do you say to a handicapped dog? down syndrome, down!
                                     long distance relationships almost never work out.. because for example: the distance from dallas tx to chicago il is 967.2 mi. the average penis size is 4 inches.
                                                                                                                                 try talking to a dog without asking it a question. go ahead, i dare you
                                                                                                                              i recently traced my family tree... it was easier, i'm rubbish at drawing.
                                                                                                                                                                      i love this hooker. warts and all.
                                                                                                                                                       what has 2 legs and bleeds......? ....half a dog.
                                                                                                                 newt gingrich is the result of leaving a bobble head doll by a radioactive power plant.
                                                                                                                    30/05/2016 whenever i have sex, it's a race to see who comes first. me or the police
                                                                                                                                         what are a redneck's last two words before dying ? watch this !
                                                                                                        did you hear about the old chameleon that couldn't change color? he had *a reptile dysfunction*.
                                                                                 happy birthday to both reddit and planned parenthood... my favorite two things keeping me from getting a girl pregnant.
                                                                                                                                              where do post go when they die in reddit? everywhere else.
                                   irs agent: what's all this? bracken:  well you told me to bring all my records with me and i did.  here's some by willie nelson tammy wynette and garth brooks . .  .
                                                                                                                                                         why does bruce willis always play the bald guy?
                                                                                                                             everyone has been in the navy at least once. we all started out as a seaman
                                                                   look at all of these beautiful horse "horses" horse is already plural "you're thinking of elk" *stares off* holy mooses, you're right
                                                                                                                                                        what do you call a bear in the arctic? starving.
                                                                                                   did you hear about the idiot who  planted cheerios in his backyard? he thought they were donut seeds.
                                                                                                                                             how to kill a hipster with 3 words breathing is mainstream.
                                                               ranger station boss: i have reports that you treat the wildlife inappropriately me: no way *porcupine waddles by w/ kebabs on each quill*
                                                                    they say insanity is doing the same thing over and over again, expecting a different result. this is my 56th time posting this joke.
                                                                                                                                                      frankly i find fassion shows to be haughty couture
                                                                      me: "excuse me, hi" her: "um, i have a boyfriend" me: "good for you. i was trying to say your herpes cream fell out of your purse"
                                                                                                                                                            i totally had gender with a girl. #thesaurus
                                                            man: i'd like an order of buffalo wings bartender: sorry, we don't serve food here *a sandwich that just walked in flips a table and leaves*
                                       a man goes into boots and says: "have you got viagra? do you have a prescription?" asks the chemist. "no," he replies, "but i've got a photograph of the wife..."
                                                                              a man died and the whole country was in mourning then it became the afternoon, followed by the evening and then the night.
                                                                                                                                                       a landscaper's favourite musical genre? mow-town.
                                                                                                                                                               a german joke... ...is no laughing matter
                                                                                                                                   why do black widow spiders kill their males after mating? penis envy.
                                                                                                                                                                        take my advice i'm not using it.
                                                            whenever someone says, "good question" i never hear their answer because i'm too busy congratulating myself for asking such a good question.
                                                                                                                                                why did the semen cross the road? i wore the wrong sock.
                                                                                                                        *sees couple holding hands* *violently breaks them apart* "go. you're free now."
                                                                                put a pic of a girl with perfect abs on my fridge so i'm motivated to suck in my gut every time i pull out the ice cream
                                                                                                        how often do i make chemistry jokes? periodically. i made one yesterday, but it had no reaction.
                                                                                                  someone once told me my best features were my smile and personality if i don't have a mouth i'm fucked
                                                                       after 10 years of marriage i've composed a check list of good reasons to get married. 1) your family is being held hostage. 2) 3)
                                                                                                                                                     what's green and smells like bacon? kermit's finger
                                                                                                      and then there was the ucla professor who opened up his vest pulled out his tie and wet his pants.
                                                            should probably not think about sad things at work i mean who wants to buy a dildo from someone who was clearly just crying in the shoe room
                                                                                                  what's worse then 10 dead babies in a barrel? 1 dead baby in 10 barrels. edit: dumpsters, sorry guise.
                                                            *date with a boy i dated when we went to kindergarden* *puts two big bowls of worms and mudwater on the table* him-yuck!!! me-you've changed
                                                                                                               whats the most addictive drug you can formulate out of a piece of the human body? hairoin
                                                                                                                                    why couldn't the redditor fit his dick into ray charles mouth? tl;dr
                                                                                                       what did batman say to robin just before they got in the batmobile? "get in the batmobile, robin"
                                                                                                                                                                            a guy walks into a bar ouch.
                                                                                                                          you don't' have to be upset, if nobody notices you you'd make a decent sniper!
                                              how many guys in the friendzone does it take to screw in a lightbulb? none, they just stand around complimenting it then get pissed when it doesn't screw.
                                                        a new drink some bars are serving this new drink called the "hurricane sandy". it's notjing special, really. it's just a watered down manhattan.
                                                                                                           why couldn't the boarder throw out his collection of potted ferns? they were his best fronds.
                                                                                                i prefer a girl without makeup. in fact i despise the artifice of flesh. give me a nice wailing skeleton
                                                                                                                                     why doesn't barbie have a family? because ken comes in another box.
                                                                           a couple of underscores is to a couple of underscores? ok. rt @mcdonalds: #shamrockshake is to spring as _____ is to _______.
                                                                                                       what's the difference between a church bell &amp; a church? a church bell peals from the steeple.
                                                            to discover what's going on with justin bieber we caught up with his manager scooter braun, who is named after two different types of razors
                                                                    reddit's front page has more intellectual news stories than my local tv stations i don't understand it because i'm only 3 years old.
                                                                                                                                    how are joeffrey baratheon and wheat related? they're both in-bread.
                           i was sitting next to a gorgeous girl on the bus yesterday i was so nervous. i kept thinking to myself "please don't get a boner, please don't get a boner". she got a boner.
                                                                                                                    do you know where the belgium waffle design comes from? from the german tank tracks.
                                                                                                                          since lesbians eat so much pussy should they be considered sexually snacktive?
                                                                                   if you think about all the people you didn't marry, you've had a positive impact on virtually every life in the world
                                                                                                                                                  why are giraffes so tall? because cheetahs are faster.
                                                                                                i would love to know what it's like to be handsome for one day... ... because everyday is just too much.
                       a guy was driving in a car with a blonde. he told her to stick her head out the window and see if the blinker worked. she stuck her head out and said, "yes, no, yes, no, yes..."
                                                                                                                                                           when god gives you aids... make lemon aids!!!
                                                                                                                                                  what is a pirate's favorite kind of explosive? a m-80.
                                                                                         my girlfriends star sign is cancer, so it was quite ironic how she died she got beaten to death by a giant crab
                                                                                                                                         do a little dance... drink a lot of rum... fall down tonight...
                                   i just finished my first week of work at thyssenkrupp. i'm already seeing great opportunities for upward mobility. all in all, it's been a very elevating experience.
                                                                i tried eharmony. they kept matching me up with women who look like me in a wig. i'd be too intimidated to date someone that attractive.
                                                                               i bet if jeff bridges picked up your kid from school today & said "i'm your dad now," your kid wouldn't even question it.
                                                              apparently, lifting your feet so she can reach underneath, is not considered "helping her vacuum." lesson learned, fellas. lesson learned.
                                                                                                       the physics department didn't like my stephen hawking jokes... ...they all got bent out of shape.
                                         types of cows what do you call a cow with three legs? lean beef what do you call a cow with no legs? ground beef what do you call a cow with two legs? your mom
                                                                                                          woah!!! you're a much fatter family than the stick figures on your rear window would indicate!
                                                                                                          why did the nickel jump of the building but the dime did not? because the dime had more cents.
                     two blondes are heading to disney world, on their way there, they see a sign that says "disney world left"... ... they quickly head left and have a great vacation at disney world.
                                                                                                         ambulances are the original transformers because sometimes they transform mid-ride into hearses
                                                                                                                                                manners matter. good looks are a bonus. humor is a must.
                                                                                         [dinosaur naming committee] terry: and we will call the flying one the terodactyl pterry: i've got a crazy idea
            [nsfw] dad, i am a lesbian 1st daughter:"dad, i am a lesbian" dad; "oh okay!" 2nd daughter: "i'm a lesbian too..." dad: "jesus christ, does any one in this family love dicks?" son: "i do."
                                                                                                              "ranch goes with everything" i whisper while placing a bottle of ranch in grandma's coffin
                                                                                                               i tried to find out why my cat kept licking itself... turns out its actually quite tasty.
                                                                                                                                       life's like a bird, it's pretty cute until it shits on your head.
                                                                                                                                what do you call a boy with no arms and an eye patch? names! -bo burnham
                                                                                                    a redditor discovers that the world will end in 23 hours... the news never even got to report on it.
                                                                                                                         trying to motivate myself to go for a run, but it's windy outside. and outside.
                                                                                                                                                                             a man walks into a bar ouch
                                                                                                                                                                       whats the opposite of under? der.
           a protestor shouted, "trump will make america worse for gays, jews, blacks, muslims, and latinos!" a trump supporter shouted back, "that's not true..." "...he won't make it worse for jews!"
                                                                                                      facebook post: sad news. mom passed away this morning. facebook: be the first person to like this.
                                                                                                                                                                   what kind of bees eat brains? zombees
                                                                                                                                                     what did the bus conductor say to the frog? hop on.
                                                                                                                              lpt: masturbate before texting your ex. it'll make you cum to your senses.
                                                                                                                                             why aren't orphans laughing? because jokes aren't apparent.
                                                                                                                                           wanted to buy a 17th century european castle but i'm baroque.
                                                        a blonde sees a another blonde across a lake and asks "how do i get to the other side?" the other blonde replies... "you are on the other side".
                                                                                                                        why were ancient egyptian children confused? because their daddies were mummies.
                                                                                                                                                                                          metric dollar.
                                                         you know you are successful when ... girls from school who ignored you on facebook back in the day all of a sudden want to add you on linkedin.
                                                                                                                                                           what beer goes best with pizza? pepper-peroni
                                                                                                               i'm my own worst enemy, but there are literally hundreds of people tied for second place.
                                                                                                                   my mom's house is like the one in home alone except all the booby traps are emotional
                                                                                                                                        i feel old whenever someone tells me they were born in the 90's.
                                                                                                          i was listening to 80s music today. you just can't beat tina turner. unless you're ike turner.
                                                                                              i may not have great parenting skills, but in my defense the kids don't have great childing skills either.
                                                                                                                                                                              read more accountant jokes
                                                                                                                                                                      i'm 70% water and 40% bad at math.
                                                                       hey guys whose girlfriends wear those giant t-shirts as nightgowns, one day you'll be married, and that shirt's going to fit her.
                                                     what do you do if you see your ex , running around in your front yard covered in blood and screaming for help ? stay calm . reload . and try again.
                                                                                           i was so angry when i found my wife's profile on a dating website. that lying bitch isn't "fun to be around".
                                                                                                                      i have no idea what steampunk is except that it must be healthier than fried punk.
                                                              what did papa butter say to troublesome son butter? you had *butter* behave now, alright son? i sure know you don't want to get *whipped*!
                                                                                                                                          two guys walk down the street and one falls through the window
                                         a woman in new york is suing a manhattan salon for $1.5 million over a bad haircut. the last time i saw a disaster like that with clippers was donald sterling.
                                                                                      blonde did you hear about the blonde who got in a taxi? the driver kept the 'vacant' sign up. (found this in wumo)
                                                                                                                                                                   "i found my charger!!" - a love story
                                                                                                                                                 what do you find between godzilla's toes? slow runners.
                                                                                                                                                                                     understanding women
                                                                                             the reason why clinton is a super secret agent of the alt right is because... she has a frog in her throat.
                                                                                                                       what's the difference between a violinist and a fiddler? how red their necks are.
                                                                                    wanna terrify a homeless dude? dress as a grocery store clerk and pretend to scan all the stuff in his shopping cart
                                                                                                       wanna know what's worse than three people stapled to one tree? one person stapled to three trees.
                                                                                       i have an irrational fear of large intricate corporate buildings. you could say i have a complex complex complex.
                                                                                                                                                         food is like dark humor. not everybody gets it.
                                                                                                               one time i won a raffle in england, turns out it was for knighthood. boy was i sir prized
                                                                                                               what do monica lewinsky and a soda machine have in common? they both say insert bill here
                                                                                                                                   what did the city say to its father before it left for mexico? ciudad
                                                                                                                what did the conservatives say to the abortion rights supporters? you'll never de-fetus.
                                                                                                                                  my arms sometimes get tired during sex and i drop my phone on my face.
                                                     how can you tell if asians have broken into your house? the dog is gone, the homework is done, and they're still trying to get out of the driveway.
                                                                                                                               will i be able to drink with these? - first question when prescribed meds
                                                                                                              would you rather have a baby brother or a baby  sister? i'd much rather have a jelly baby.
                                                                                                                                                                        if it screams, it's not food yet
                                                                                                                                         what do you call a homeless college student? a philosophy major
                                                                                                                                                   what did the fish say when it ran into the wall? dam.
                                                                                                                                                                  i just invented a new word plagiarism.
                                                                                                                                 a morning-after pill but for when you accidentally hear a maroon 5 song
                                                                                                                               how did dairy queen wind up pregnant? burger king didn't wrap his whopper
                                                                                                            did you hear about the new restaraunt on the moon? it's got great food, just no atmosphere..
                                                                                                                                  i like my women like i like my coffee... ground up and in the freezer.
                                                                     imagine me in bed. wrong. wetter. wrong again. wetter. wrong again! soaking wet. this leaky roof is gonna cost me a fortune to fix!
                                                                                                          i can cut a piece of wood in half just by looking at it. it's true, i saw it with my own eyes.
                                                                                                                                 my mate gav overdosed on heart burn tablets i cant believe gav is gone.
                                                                                                            what do ginger baker and strong coffee have in common? they are both terrible without cream.
                                                                                                                           walk into any flower shop and ask to see the chlamydias. that never gets old.
                                                                         i don't think this bowl of reese's peanut butter cups on my desk is making me as indispensable to the workplace as i had hoped.
                                                                                                                                               what do you call a jewish rock band? i want my nickelback
                                                               to do list:nn1) kill the fly in my room. nn2) try to snort multivitamins.nn3) practice hadouken in mirror.nn4) kill the fly's loved ones.
                                                                                                                                                                                    meek mill's response
                                                                                                                                         what do you call a disease that only effects ducks? a mallard-y
                                                                                                               what do we want? low flying plane noises! when do we want em? nnneeeeeeeeyyyyyoooooowwwww
                                                                                                                              my wife made me into millionaire. i was a multi-millionaire before we met.
                                      the new trump administration is re-doing the voice mail prompts at the white house... thank you for calling the white house. for english, press 1. &lt;silence&gt;
                                        i was bullied in high school by the x men. no, not the group of crime fighting mutants, but a bunch of transgender females who were better at sports than i was.
                                                             [ice cream parlor] wife: i'll have two scoops of vanilla me: me too, u could say i want an wife and clerk: please don't me: ice cream clone
                                                         so a crazy dog goes to a place where dogs get scanned by a machine and the dog goes crazy and breaks it and everyone is scared. he's inscanine!
                                                                                                                                                     what do you call a rap battle? black-on-black rhyme
                                                                                                                                                                      you're so fake, barbie is jealous.
                                                                                                                                                how do mongolians practice safe sex? they use a khandom.
                                                                                             religion is like a penis it's perfectly acceptable to have one, but unacceptable to flaunt yours in public.
                                                             so a muslim guy walks into a bar.. orders a drink, quietly enjoys it and then leaves. what? were you expecting a more explosive punch line?
                                                                                                                                                                   so a dyslexic man walks into a bra...
                                                     how many germans does it take to change a lightbulb? 1..... because they are very efficient, but not very funny. courtesy of my brother /u/twinhawk
                                                                  you know the jack in a box that scared the life out of you when you were a child? that's me as an adult cooking with my smoke detector
                                                                                        since i worked on my problem with exaggerated arrogance, i'm a much better person. better than you all together!
                                                                                                                                              escalators don't break down... they just turn into stairs.
                                                                                                                       so much gross product placement in the shining. it's like, fine, i'll buy an axe.
                                                                                                                                                how do vampires like their tea? with a old tampon in it.
                                                                                                                                           what starts with y and ends with a d? you're gonna get raped!
                                                                                                  i'm getting engaged next month. not because i'm in love but because it's gonna look dope on instagram.
                                                                                                                                   i love people who can make me laugh, when i don't even want to smile.
                                                                                    how many police men does it take to change a lightbulb? doesn't matter...they'll just beat the room for being black.
                                                                                                                                       keanu reeves, sure, but then keanu comes back a rittle bit rater.
                                                                                          legally, you are not required to tell your boss why you saved all those burt reynolds pictures to the desktop.
                                                     what do a washing machine and a one night stand have in common? a washing machine doesn't follow you around for a week after you put a load in it..
                                                                               before firemen rescue cats from trees they always take a photo and that's where 'hang in there, baby!' posters come from.
                                                                                                                                                 how do you lead a horse to water? with lots of carrots.
                                                                      flirting is a way of life, the moment you stop is when you're dead ... then your spouse cleans the gun and places it in your hand.
                                                                                  in high school i was voted most likely to be shot dead while trying to steal something of moderate value from a texan.
                                                                                                                                bill cosby and steve harvey walk into a bar... (complete the damn thing)
                                                             *turns on internet* computor, i need to take a break from trying to achieve one thing. show me all of the achievments of others all at once
                                                                                     twitter is the only place where it's actually boring to discover that you are being followed by hundreds of robots.
                                                                                                                        if you're going to regret this in the morning, we can sleep until the afternoon.
                                                               i want my funeral to be sad and completely serious. then right when my coffin starts lowering into the ground the song from tetris plays.
                                                                                                                                                   i broke my finger today but on the other hand im fine
                                                                              how many hipsters does it take to screw in a lightbulb? it's a pretty obscure number, you've probably never heard of it...
                        every canadian child goes to sleep with a plush toy of the current prime minister to keep them safe. justin trudeau was elected because stephen harper was scaring the children.
                                                                                                       why did einstein stop seeing his mistress? she fell in love and he didn't anticipate entanglement
                                                                                                                                                       what do you call a dad joke in jamaica? dreadful.
                                                                                                                i ate a salad today and it contained both eggs and chicken i didn't know where to start.
                                                                                                                         my wife screams like crazy during sex... ...especially when i walk in on her!!!
                                                                                                                            why aren't there any knock knock jokes about america? because freedom rings.
                                                                                                 guns don't kill people. girls who get tagged in a photo before they get a chance to see it kill people.
                                                            september was the first calendar month no nfl players were arrested in six years. kudos to their wives for being so well behaved last month.
                                                                                                         why does kylo ren have a hard time making friends? because for most of his life, he's ben solo.
                                                                                             a helicopter i know was really frustrated after trying to grow his facial hair out his beard was apache one
                                                                                                                                        ever notice how unaware people are of the world around them? no?
                                                            "doc tell me straight" doc: u got lou gherrigs disease *cops barge in* ur under arrest "for what" cop: mr gherrig reported a missing disease
                                                                   upon request of a signature, a nurse reaches into her pocket only to find a thermometer... she exclaims, "some asshole's got my pen!"
                                      how many animals can you fit in a pair of pantyhose...? 10 little piggies, 2 calves, a beaver, a clam, an ass, some hares, and a fish that no one can seem to find
                                                                                                                                    i want to be a dog and have someone feed me treats for sitting down.
                                                                                                                                           why was cloud trying to cheer up sky? he looked a little blue
                                                                                                                                                                   what kind of bees make milk? boo bees
                                                                     well, you won't get called a racist for criticizing the president anymore... ...you'll just get called a racist for supporting him.
                                                                                                    why are women dressed white on their wedding day? because all good kitchen appliances come in white.
                                                                                                           good cop: if you just let us know where the body is, we'll let you go bad batman: ben affleck
                                                                                                                                  what are four hundred rabbits hopping backwards? a receding hare line.
                                                                                                               the best curve on a woman is her smile  ...hahahaha lmao! no i'm kidding, it's her boobs.
                                                                                                           if minnie driver married bradley cooper her name would be oh god i can't even finish this one
                                                                                                                                               there's a bizarre irony to jokes about ebola going viral.
                                                                                                                            racist jokes are all the same... once you've heard juan, you've heard jamal.
                                                                    this post-pregnant lady found the perfect way to shed her baby-belly by giving birth! scientists and non-pregnant ladies hate her!!!
                                                                                                                    need your best short jokes one sentence max, i'll start: a dyslexic walks into a bra
                                                                      why isn't there a roomba that cuts grass? probably some stupid law about sending a blade wielding robot out into the neighborhood.
                                                                                                                                  sometimes i need "eye of the tiger" playing to get me to leave my bed.
                                                          i read an article about the dangers of heavy drinking the other day, and it really scared me! so that's it... starting today, no more reading.
                                                                                                                       with hostess shutting down... i bet colorado is rethinking legalizing weed now...
                                                                                                                                                           one night stand because my bedroom is narrow.
                                                                                                                   what happens when everyone in the country takes a pee at the same time? urine-nation!
                                                          may god bless german engineering, italian cooking, and english humor. and may god damn italian engineering, english cooking, and german humor.
                                                                                                                    *jesus sits down at the bar* "the boss says we have to start charging you for water"
                                                                                                                                           i don't like haikus; but i like ironic twists i am conflicted
                                                                my office manager emailed all 400 employees to inform us that our new paper towel dispensers aren't automatic. the human race is doomed.
                                                                                                        the vatican finally recognizes palestine... palestine replied, "dude. we've met like six times."
                                                                                  hey verizon, here's an idea ~ $9.99 for unlimited calls, text, and data. but, $179.99 a minute to call ex-girlfriends.
                                                              some terrible part of me is perpetually close to just making and selling artisinal customized tamagotchis & bein real pretentious about it
                                                                                                                    so i just got kicked out of the house... all i did was sleep with my stepdad's wife.
                                                                                                                               i sneezed and my bra unsnapped. i think this cold is trying to seduce me.
                                                                                           why did they make the toilet paper so hard in north korea? because the party wants to make every asshole red.
                                                                                get out of any speeding ticket by assuring the officer that you're already miserable and adequately beaten down by life.
                                                                                                                                                                 two helium atoms were acting funny hehe
                                                                                                    did you hear about the guy who's making "colostomy bag pipes" on kick starter? they sound like shit.
                                                                                       what's the difference between a loaded potato and a normal one? someone's a lot less deadly with a normal potato.
                                                                                                    if banks are so worried about people stealing their pens, they should just attach them to a creed cd
                                                                                                                                                                 til that 3.14% of sailors are pi-rates.
                                                            this is the police, we have u surrounded come out with your hands on ur head, then ur shoulders, okay good now knees and toes knees and toes
                                                                                                                                           what's the opposite of cristopher walken... cristopher reeve.
                                                                                                       you don't need to hold a girl's hand during an abortion... there's a handrail next to the toilet.
                                                                                                          i like my women like i like my coffee. given away for free at an alcoholics anonymous meeting.
                                                                                                                     what do you do with 365 used condoms? roll them into a tire and call it a goodyear.
                                                                                                                                                        the shortest hunter joke two hunters go by a bar
                                                                                                                                   why didn't the jew score another date with the asian girl? hebrew it.
                                                                                                           st. patrick's day is the day we all watch ghost and dirty dancing in honor of patrick swayze.
                                                                                                                                     i'm a vegetarian for the health reasons. now pass the cheese fries.
                                                                                          how many indie bands does it take to change a light bulb? eh, it's some number you've probably never heard of.
                                                                                                                    what do you call an chinese family with a pet dog? vegetarians. source: i'm chinese.
                                                                                                                                           ceimr thats "crime" but in alphabetical order organized crime
                                                                                                             i got the job even though i kept telling them i'm not a plumber. it took awhile to sink in.
                                                                                                                                   why did princess diana cross the road? she wasn't wearing a seatbelt.
                                                                                                   tom cruise does all of his own stunts because death is the only way out of the church of scientology.
                                                                                how do you tell the difference between a pakistani wedding and an isis training camp? i don't know, i just fly the drone
                                                                                                                    i'm going to name my first daughter karma, being a bitch already runs in the family.
                                                                                                                      if you ever get cold... just stand in a corner. they're usually around 90 degrees!
                                                              there are 10 types of people in this world... 1. those who understand ternary. 2. those who don't. 10 . those who expected the binary gag.
                                                                                                                                   why couldn't the chicken come to dinner? he didn't seem truss worthy.
                                                                                                        how did the girl with fetal alcohol syndrome tag a picture of herself on instagram? \#nophiltrum
                                                                                     why did luke skywalker and princess leia never get together? because luke was looking for love in alderaan places!!
                                                                                                                                        why did sally fall off the swing? someone threw a fridge at her.
                                                           how many apple workers does it take to screw in a lightbulb? one to over hype the new lightbulb and one to make sure it breaks within a year.
                                                                                                                   german knock knock joke: "knock knock" - "who's th..." **ve ask zhe kvestions here!**
                                                                                                                                 what do michael jackson and mervyn's have in common? they're both dead.
                                                                                 boss: where were you born? santa : india .. boss: which part? santa : what 'which part'? whole body was born in india .
                                                                                                                                                            whats hitler's favorite type of joke a roast
                                                                  a cannibal passes a girl scout cookie stand. "how many girl scouts are these cookies made of?" he asks with a large smile on his face.
                                                                                                                                      there are 2 things i hate in this world... people who can't count.
                                                                                            why was the desperate teen spinning in circles around the hot chick? because he really wanted that beyblade.
                                                                                                                                                        i'm homy... i bet 99% of you pervs misread that.
                                                                                                                                                            wouldst the genuine slim shady kindly arise?
                                                                                                                                                    what did hitler name his network switch to? auswitch
                                                                                     what do you call a social justice warrior in a society of strippers? the thot police! ^^^^pleasedon'tbetoohardonme.
                                                                                                                                                i guess if i had laser hairs, i'd want them removed too.
                                                                              [first date] me: they know me here date: *reading sign on wall* "no puppetry"? me (proudly): i'm the reason they have that
                                                                                                                                what did the cannibal do after he dumped his girlfriend? wiped his butt.
                                                                                                                                    why didn't the skeleton go to the party? he had no *body* to go with
                                                                                                                            did you hear what happened to the fly on the toilet seat? he got pissed off.
                                                             sometimes i feel bad for thugs when i realize they can't enjoy a cup of hot cocoa with a bunch of marshmallows without risking street cred.
                                                                                                                                                   q: what do you call it when a cat stops? - a: a paws!
                                                                                                      what superhero consists of only 16 atoms? na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na batman!!
                                           what's the difference between the 2016 presidential debates and a pen of baboons relentlessly fighting over the dead stinking corpse of a sheep? microphones!
                                                                                                                                             why do nice guys make good lovers? they always finish last.
                                                                  dorito its life. i was eating doritos and my nouse started itching out of nowhere so i picked my nouse and now all i smell its doritos
                                                                          i have the perfect response to a text but its too mean girl: what is your dumbest pet-peeve me: people asking stupid questions
                                                my dad got me a thesaurus for christmas last year but when i opened it every single page was blank. i didn't have the words to describe how angry i was.
                                                                                                          when i was younger, i always felt like i was a man trapped in a woman's body. then i was born.
                                                                                                                                         do the people in fiji know we pay 4 dollars for their tap water
                                                                                                                             nice try, operating instructions. nice try. i've got this. *grabs a hammer*
                                                                                                                                         "i am the perfect age for this shit." -- roger murtaugh, age 22
                                                                                                             as technology gets lighter, thinner, and faster... people get heavier, thicker, and slower.
                                                                                                                         why do the french only eat one egg for breakfast? in france, one egg is un oeuf
                                                                                                                                           what does an elite hacker get after being arrested? [deleted]
                                                                                                                                             why did snoop dogg lose control of his pontiac? the drizzle
                                                                                              what's cool about mitt romney is that when you put politics aside he's still a genuinely detestable person
                                                                                                              a man sells his parachute... the man yells "parachute for sale, used once, never opened!!"
                                                                                                                     you can stop lifting weights now; it's actually your personality that nobody likes.
                                                                                                                                                 what happens when you have ear sex you get hearing aids
                                                                                       girls are a lot like universities... i spend hours looking at them, only to realise i can't get into any of them.
                                                                                                                                          how do you start an earthquake in east africa? shake djibouti.
                                                                bro transformers are real! haven't you seen a big truck or a camaro? they are real. they just hide real good like chewbacca. and batman.
                                                                                                          sometimes i miss my real friends and then i think, screw them, they don't even star my tweets.
                                            til that my neighbors really like the metal song i'm playing on my 7.1 sound system i figured because he thrown a brick at my window to hear it better ! \m/
                                                                                                                                                      9 out of 10 people agree... gangbangs are awesome!
                                                            if a woman asks if you "notice anything new" tell her "i do, your beauty surprises me every day." then continue thinking about velociraptors
                                                                                            i don't get why everyone talks so fast in old movies. what was the hurry? there was nothing to do back then.
                                                                                                                                                    i'm not apathetic, i prefer emotionally constipated.
                                                                                              i was going to dress up as a turn signal for halloween but no one around here knows what the hell that is!
                                                                                          captain hook hated paper scissors rock since he could only play question mark, which had no value in the game.
                                                                                                    if this paper cut is any indication of my pain threshold, then child birth would definitely kill me.
                                                                                                                                                           what kind of biscuit can fly? a plane biscuit
                                                                                                                                       what has four legs and a cunt halfway up its back? a police horse
                                                                                                                         [wakes up to a mysterious noise] lover, is that you? *refrigerator hums loudly*
                                                                                                                did you hear about jon snow dropping his new apple product? and now his watch has ended.
                                                             it is hard to b scared of a angry person once u realize that they just wanted to tie a knot but insted of using string they used their arms
                                                  when the book of revelations was written, the writer wrote that the end of the world would be signaled by trumpets. in fact, god had said trump/pence.
                                                                                                                         why couldn't the lesbian jew hook up during passover? she had a yeast infection
                                                                                                 america, a country where people spend half of their money on food, and the other half on losing weight.
                                                                                                                         how do you know when the king of egypt is horny? ...from all the pharaoh moans.
                                                                                                                              why do tajikistani people wear trucker hats? cuz they're from douche-anbe!
                                                         what's the difference between everyone and bullets everyone misses harambe. don't know if this is a repost or not, just heard it from a friend.
                                                                        my priest told me that my inner kid in me is still young... i don't think the inner kid in him is as young as the kid he was in.
                                                                                 "who can i count on to volunteer for this project?" *slumps out of chair and slowly army crawls out of conference room*
                                                                                                                                                     i went camping over the weekend... it was in tents.
                                                                                                         if you walk in to a room and find a man having a stroke... ...you probably should have knocked.
                                                                                                                                            q: what is a sea monster's favorite dish? a: fish and ships.
                            what do you call.... q: what do you call a woman who thinks about sex all the times? a: nymphomaniac q: what do you call a man who thinks about sex all the times? a: normal
                                                                                                                                                           what is true and false at the same time? this
                                                                                                                                             what kind of pizza would the twin towers order? two plains.
                                                                                         using a public restroom always reminds me how much better i am at flushing a toilet than a lot of other people.
                                                                                                                             easy come, easy go describes my last 12 cases of beer and 17 relationships.
                                                                                                                my doctor wrote a prescription for dailysex. but my girlfriend insists it says dyslexia.
                                                                                                                    i can't wait till next years veterans day: for the ones that didn't get captured....
                                                                                                                                                                      i work to buy a car to go to work.
                                                                               a billionaire, a clown, and a presidential candidate walk into a bar... and the bartender says, "how's it going, donald?"
                                                                                                                                                       i'll need a weekend to recover from this weekend.
                                                                                               soviet monopoly "go to gulag! go directly to gulag! do not pass go, do not collect food stamps and vodkac
                                                                                                                                              when do the leaves begin to turn? the night before a test.
                                                                    studies find if a woman has a glass of wine a day increases the chances of a stroke. if you let her have more she might suck it too.
                                                                                                                                          what do corn and staples have in common? they're both staples.
                                                                                                                                                        what is the square root of 69? ate something....
                                                                                                                            why did jon snow stand in line for 6 hours at the apple store? for the watch
                                                                                                                                   accidentally picked up two traffic cones instead of my children again
                                                                scared the postman by going to the door naked. i'm not sure what scared him more, my naked body or the fact that i knew  where he lived.
                                                                                                               love means never having to say you're sorry for accidentally bringing home six more cats.
                               why wouldn't you hire bears from australia? because they don't have the necessary koalafications. (derived from: http://www.neatorama.com/2014/04/07/when-animals-argue/)
                                                                                                                  did you hear about the gay, cannibal pirate? apparently, he loved the taste of seamen.
                                                                                          got caught checking out another woman? turn to your woman and say "did you see how ugly that girl's hair was?"
                                                                          remember ladies. it goes from twitter to kik to voxer to cell phone number to address to being dismembered in a motel bathtub.
                                                                                                                          me: "don't piss me off, i can rip a phone book in half." 10yo: "a phone what?"
                                                                                                                                         what did the dog say after it slid across some sandpaper? ruff.
                                                                                                                                                                                 ikea is swedish for diy
                                                                                                                                                                    *hires skywriter* you can't block me
                                                                                                                                                a book fell on my head... i only have my shelf to blame.
                                                                 *mugger pulls a knife* mugger: gimme your money me: well this night took a sharp turn *later* doctor: it's a record for amount of stabs
                                                               like a recovering crack addict, my computer is broken & i can only use others in small doses. a little facebook goes a long way. *twitch*
                                                                                                                                             life's a bitch, because if it was a slut, it would be easy.
                                               how many karma whores does it take to change a lightbulb? 10: one to change it, one to post about it for karma and eight to repost it a few months later.
                                                                                                            my dad has the heart of a lion and so much hate mail he had to shut down his dental practice
                                                                                         somewhere along the way, i stopped trying to gain friends,,and just started enjoying reading and writing posts.
                                                                                                                                         goodnight moon. goodnight crazy guy in my tree with binoculars.
                                                                                                                                     tried to pick up a woman at a cremation once. got my fingers burnt.
                                                                                                                                             what do you say to a guy with kidney stones? urine trouble!
                                                                                                                                             i go to a muscular dystrophy support group. we meet weakly.
                                                                                                                                           [oc] what's elton john's favorite kind of conditioner? levon.
                                                                                                                                     i'll play duck-duck-goose and give all gooses. i don't give a duck.
                                                                      *buys map of world, pins it up on wall* *throws dart, swears to visit wherever it lands* *visits the middle of the atlantic ocean*
                                                                                                                           it is so much easier to turn friendship into love, than love into friendship.
                                                         my girlfriend's new tattoo my girlfriend has a tattoo of seashell on the inside of her leg. when you put your ear on it, you can smell the sea!
                                                                                                                        a wife is like a hand grenade. take off the ring and say good bye to your house.
                                                                                                                                            what's the most popular game to play in jail? smash brothers
                                                                                                                             facebook needs to add "still banging my ex" as a relationship status option
                                                                                                                                                 what's small and got 7 dents in it? snow white's cherry
                                                                                            cop - have you been drinking? me - no, just taking my photo with r2d2 here. cop - sir that's a fire hydrant.
                                                                               no hedgehogs were harmed in the making of this short movie 'ripping the legs off a hedgehog so he looks like a pinecone'.
                                                                                                 if i ever have a son, i'm going to name him sparta, that way i can introduce him as "this is sparta!!!"
                                                              "why can't anything be easy?!?" i moaned as my real-time handheld connection to all the world's information briefly ran slower than usual.
                                                                                                                                           i used to do the "hokey pokey"... but i turned myself around.
                                                                   *sneaks into sons room to scare him* *trips over skateboard* *steps on something squishy* *turns light on* *makes him clean his room*
                                                                                                   it's rather pathetic that the only thing that consistently works on my car is the check engine light.
                                                                               a redneck walks in to a restaurant with his wife, sister and cousin he walks up to the host and says table for two please
                                                                                                   i just dropped my blackberry! this must be similar to how mother's feel when they drop their infants.
                                                                                         a new law recently passed in arkansas. when a man and woman are divorced, they can still be brother and sister.
                                                             [stacks of books on floor] impressive, son. [son places pizza on one stack, soda & cookies on others] "yep; perfect height" [turns on xbox]
                                                                                                                         a jewish santa enters an house and asks... "ok kids, what do you want to buy ?"
                                                                                                              why did the skydiver die before reaching the ground? because he reached terminal velocity.
                                                                                                                                                   what's the most well mannered dinosaur? a plesiosaur.
                a very drunk man walks into a bar he yells: two large beers and a packet of crisps please! lady: sir, this is a library. man, whispering: two large beers and a packet of crisps please!
                                                                                               how many short term memory loss patients does it take to screw in a lightbulb? to get to the other side..
                                                                                                 why did the chicken cross the road? kanye west - beyonce should have crossed the road, not the chicken!
                                                                                                      my wife got mad at me because apparently turn on the veg doesn't mean.. finger her disabled sister
                                                                                                                          what do we want? some good decisions! when do we want them? before last night!
                                                                                                                                                     what do you call a mexican with two dads? no mames!
                                                               american cheese is just regular cheese that's not afraid to fight for freedom! also, it's fatter than the other cheeses. and more racist.
                                                                                                        how many men does it take to open a beer? none... it should be opened when she brings it to you.
                                                                                                                                         what did jay-z call knowles before getting married? his biancee
                                                                                                                                            what's a woman's favourite brand of applejack? dickson cider
                                                                                  did you hear about the fat guy who spent his free time in a british casino? he heard it was a fast way to lose pounds.
                                                                            what did god say when eve swim in the ocean for the first? he said, "oh great, now we'll never get that smell off the fish".
                                                       an obgyn was fired from his job so decided to become a comedian, but he failed at that as well. i guess he just always screwed up the delivery...
                                                                                            how is a woman like kfc? after you're done with the breasts and thighs, all you have left is the greasy box.
                                                                                                            how do you get an elephant into a safeway bag? take the s out of safe and the f out of way..
                                                                                                                       did you hear about that giant cooling device in florida? it was a miami heat fan.
                                                                                                                                         i pulled a muscle turning over in bed. cause that's how i roll.
                                                                                                                                                          a frog's car broke down.. it gets "toad" away.
                                                                                                                                i tried on a trojan magnum...its really hard to breathe in those things.
                                                                                                                                                 strings are usually pretty straight unless they're knot
                                                                                                                                        my six pack is protected by a layer of fat. rather a few layers.
                                                            *talking into the phone, loudly enough that i know those ladies can hear me* whats that? my spaceship is ready? great, thanks barack. obama.
                                                                                                                     nice try halloween, i eat candy in the dark and pretend not to be home every night.
                                                                                                                                             if you're reading this.. then you are not floyd mayweather.
                                                            science has proven that everyone thinks about david hasselhoff at least once while they masturbate. don't believe me? just wait until later.
                                                                                                                               chuck norris doesn't say "who's your daddy", because he knows the answer.
                                                                                                                    what goes clop clop, clop clop, bang! bang! clop clop... an amish drive-by shooting.
                          a man goes to the doctor and says "doctor! i've broken my arm in several places!" the doctor looks at him like he's an idiot and says "well then, don't go to those places..."
                                                                  mum!! please can you take me to the toilet? no! i'm busy. ask your grandmother. actually i'd rather ask grandad. his hand shakes more.
                                          just once, i would like to see a person on a daytime talk show say, "dad was a good parent...mom was a good parent...the  problem is me, i'm just a shithead."
                                                                                                       i told the starbucks batista my name was mary krismas... they still can't get the spelling right.
                                                            in the latest federal north korean election, kim jung un won 100% of the vote. a landslide victory against his sole competitor: "*or else*".
                                                                                                                                                                  incest it's how you come into your own
                                                                              "my bad" and "i'm sorry" mean the same thing unless you're at a funeral. added source: https://m.vk.com/wall-55955185_3834
                                                                 the force awakens could have been much shorter. all the first order had to do to get rid of the resistance was to use a superconductor.
                                                                                         back from my bike ride and i feel fit as a fiddle ... the fiddle, ya know, that most athletic of instruments...
              what does dna helicase and a 16 year old boy have in common? the both want to unzip your genes. if you didnt get it: https://ca.answers.yahoo.com/question/index?qid=20121209104938aakihoc
                                                                                                                                a member of isis accidentally blew himself up... well, ji-had it coming.
                                                            a truck with the slogan "we always go the extra mile" took the last parking spot so i wrote on it "because we missed the exit" as a revenge.
                                                                                                                               what do you call a train that has a tobacco addiction? a chew-chew train.
                                                                                                                                                     what is a dinosaur's least favorite reindeer? comet
                                                                                            what's the difference between onions and your mother-in-law? you don't cry when chopping your mother-in-law.
                                                                                                       i am so tired! i found out that my wife was the woman of my dreams..., i haven't slept in 3 years
                                                                                                          prank time: tie your friend's shoelaces together and when he tries to walk throw a wolf at him
                                                                                            (all credit goes to my 4 year old niece) how many tickles does it take to make an octopus laugh? tentickles!
                                                                                                             getting a text message from your ex is like getting a message from satan on an ouija board.
                                                                                   [7am] *drinks 19 cups of coffee for work *can't stay awake [9pm] *takes a sip of coffee [2am] i should vacuum the dog
                                                                                                                     what do you say to someone who talked about you behind your back? you discussed me.
                                                                                                                                          pregnancy tests should just read "pregnant" or "nope just fat"
                                                                          my decorating style is calculated placement of sentimental things around the house, so after i die, my husband can't get laid.
                                                                                                                 beauty is only skin deep but that's ok because my eyes can't see any farther than that.
                                                                                                                            my daughter complained we were out of snacks so i lifted the couch cushions.
                                                                                                                                              i wonder if they ever considered calling it jerry & ben's.
                                                                                       who has the best male employees? the porn industry, because they're always hard at work. i'll escort myself out..
                                                                                                     my dog has no legs. i call him cigarette. every night i come home from work, i take him for a drag.
                                                                                                               a boomerang walks into a bar... bartender says, "hey, i thought i threw you out of here!"
                                                                                what's the difference between a gay guy and my refrigerator? my fridge doesn't shit on me when i pull my meat out of it!
                                                                                 the truck in front of me is hauling a fridge. freezer just flew open and a chicken nugget hit my windshield. day. made.
                                                                                                                what's a waste of time, wrapped up and is regular near christmas? shitty christmas jokes
                                                                                                        what is the difference between frustration and satisfaction? "what the fuck!" and "what a fuck!"
                                                                                                                                       how can you tell if your horse is gay? his dick tastes like shit.
                                                                                                                                  alsation: how did you find the fleas? beagle: i didn't! they found me!
                                                                                                                                 do black people get sunburns? i don't know... most prisons are indoors.
                                                                                                                        even on my death bed my wife will be telling me how she had a worse day than me.
                                                                                                                   i took a speed reading course and read war and peace in 5 minutes. it's about russia.
                                                                                                                                            girls read smiles and the gap in your teeth spell friendzone
                                                                i went to the local art museum, i really enjoyed it and took lots of pictures. but unfortunately i'm now banned until i bring them back.
                                                                              if i ever met a space alien, i'd resist shaking its extended appendage, not knowing for sure the details of alien anatomy.
                                                                                                                                    boss: you can't drink while you're working! me: oh, i'm not working.
                                                                                                                              why did barbie never get pregnant? because ken always came in another box.
                                                                                                                                          what do you call a chicken drawing a sketch? cock-a-doodle-do!
                                                harry potter's favorite band just read the new harry potter story on pottermore and learned one interesting factoid. his favorite band is wand erection.
                                                                                                what did one strawberry say to the other? if you weren't so fresh last night we wouldn't be in this jam.
                                                                                   i went to sign up for tumblr today. i was really surprised that there wasn't a box where i had to check my privilege.
                                                                             when i got pregnant people would always say 'eating for two now are we?' i'd tell them to bugger off, i'm not cutting down.
                                                   if you watch the way that many motorists  drive you will soon reach the conclusion that the most dangerous part of a car is the nut behind the wheel.
                                                                                                                                              *gains winter weight for "insulation" *is now fat and cold
                                                                                                          hey ben carson, at this point in your craziness? just say you're iron man. what could it hurt?
                                                                               what did the optimist say to his doctor when he found out he had lung cancer? "well, i'll deal with this asbestos i can!"
                                               i cheated on my girlfriend yesterday we were playing monopoly, she left and i stole some money from the bank. then i went upstairs and fucked her sister.
                                                                               what do you call a mix between an umingmak and a wealthy canadian-american inventor? an elon muskox! please don't kill me
                                                                                                               dentist: this is gonna hurt a little bit me: ok dentist: i've been sleeping with your mom
                                                              *i before e except after c. unless you're an 8yo heir planning a heist to seize a surveillance sleigh owned by a sheik at a reindeer farm.
                                                                                                                                     what kind of jokes do bad comedians tell their audience? bad jokes.
    so they have warning signs for drivers to look out for pedestrians on their cell phone now. put up warning signs for pedestrians that the driver might be looking at their cellphone. problem solved
                                                                                                answer this is too all high school teacher, what is the worst thing that you've seen your student doing?
                                                               if kim kardashian & snooki were drowning & i could only save one, i'd have a hard time deciding whether to make a sandwich or take a nap.
                                                                            somebody sell me a flock of sheep so i can give them cool superhero names like bahman, the green lambtern and wonder woolman
                                                                                                                                                       what does a sailor use to clean his clothes? tide
                                                            being a courteous dinner guest, i always offer to do the dishes. i'm not the one who's going to eat off them next. quick rinse works for me.
                                                                                                                                                                i don't own a turntable, for the record.
                                                                               i once dated a girl who said she was turned on by "black eyes" so i punched her in the face. turns out i heard her wrong.
                                                                    there are 10 types of genders in the world... gender binary, and, well, the joke still makes sense if you didn't get the first part.
                                                                                                                                    is your birthday the 10th of october? because you look like a 10/10!
                                                            "i have 29 seconds left to live... please let me just hear our song before i die" anything you want! *googles song* *30 second ad plays* noo
                                                                            i went to the cannibal restaurant the other night and the waitress gave me the cold shoulder. it came with rice and a salad.
                                                             told my mom i hit 1200 twitter followers. she pointed out how my brother owns a house and i'm wanted by several collection agencies. oh ma!
                                                                                                         my favorite romantic comedy sub-genre is "hugh grant falls in love with someone for no reason."
                                                                                                                                                your mumma so fat. its not a joke. im just stating facts
                                                                                                "are you on facebook?" "no, but i'm on.. (don't say twitter, don't say twitter) ..mescaline" (nailed it)
                                                                  what do you call a corn farmer who wakes up one morning to find that complex branching pathways have been cut into his field? amaized.
                                                                                                                                                                three guys walk in to a bar... one ducks
         in tandem with the supreme court ruling in favor of same-sex marriage new line cinema announced a sequel to wedding crashers. it's going to be called wedding crashers 2: courthouse marriages.
                                                                     did you hear about the restaurant that got closed down because they were serving just the rear ends of animals? just-ass was served
                                                                                                                                              why was the little strawberry sad? her mommy was in a jam.
                                                                                                                          i've always wanted to be an organ trader but i didn't have the stomach for it.
                                                                                                       my colleague can no longer attend next weeks innuendo seminar so i have to fill her slot instead.
                                                                                            i really don't understand why people consider alcohol to be a problem. chemically speaking, it's a solution.
                                                                          when my neighbor's bed starts rhythmically hitting the wall, i like to drum back. last night, we had a real jam session going.
                                                                                                                          what did one suicide bomber say to the other? "dude, i don't think it worked."
                                                                                               when is a man smartest before, during or after sex? during that's when he's plugged into the know it all.
                                                                                                                                                   according to my wife's diary, i have boundary issues.
                                                           a psychic sees a young man about to jump off the empire state building... he says "you're about to jump from empire state building tomorrow."
                                                                                                                                    i wanted my girlfriend to give me some time alone so we got married.
                                                                                                                  the final stage of adulthood is when you start saying, "oooh, that breeze feels nice."
                                                                                                                                did you hear about the spanish perfume? "for hispanic and for herspanic"
                                                                                     cw: you have a call holding m: put it in my voicemail cw: he has a sexy australian accent m: hiiii this is jennifer
                                                                                                                         why do we drink tea? because we can't eat it :/ have a good night/day everyone.
                                                                                                                                                 europe be like... eu: uk bro? uk: it's not eu, it's me.
                                                                                                    my girlfriend asked me if i liked getting pissed on..... i said,"yes." she said,"urine for a treat."
                                                                              because you know i'm all about that data, bout that data. no trouble. i'm all about that data, bout that data. no trouble.
                                                                                 hotel guest: can you give me a room and a bath please? porter: i can give you a room but you'll have to wash  yourself.
                                                                                                    cat 1: are the humans asleep? cat 2: it appears so. cat 1: i shall now sing the anthem of my people.
                                                                                         what did the orthopedist comedian magician say to his patient? "for my next trick, i'll tickle your funny bone"
                                                                                                                               how do feminists get away with murder? they won't let anyone finger them.
                                                                         marvel have announced thor is set to become a woman. new super powers include being judgmental, temperamental and unreasonable.
                                                                                                                              why does o.j. simpson claim that he's not a murderer? he's an ex-murderer.
                                                                                                                            how many babies does it take to paint a wall? depends how hard i throw them.
                                                                                                                    what do you call a can opener that doesn't work? a unemployed male college graduate.
                                                                                           why did the female war reenactors need to throw away their costumes? because they weren't period-appropriate!
                                                                    if "pretty woman" teaches us anything it's that prostitution is a lucrative, whimsical enterprise that every young woman should try.
                                                                                                                                        how does a jewish guy get his favorite beer? hebrews it himself.
                                                                 what is the difference between a cat and a comma? one has claws at the end of its paws and the other is a pause at the end of a clause.
                                                                                        my thesis just came back with "appendix?" scrawled on it. seems a little forward  but i thought: sure, why not?.
                                                                               stranger: sir your fly is down... me: oh geez! thanks. *bends down and picks up fly* me: he's had some wing issues lately
                                                                                                                                                  a dodgeball player died recently... he will be missed.
                                                                          on our first date, i'll carve our initials onto a tree. because it's the most romantic way to let you know that i have a knife
                                                                                                                                             what do you get when you cross a bean and an onion? teargas
                                                                                                                                               what did the sea monster have for dinner? fish and ships.
                                                                                               famous last words "with this snow, the road looks like a sidewalk!" jimmy exclaimed, famous last words...
                                                                                                        the problem with protests... is that once things start to get lit, the cops show up and ruin it.
                                                                                             whats the difference between a priest and acne? acne will wait until you're a teenager to come on your face
                                                                                                                           god grant me the serenity to accept the terms and conditions i will not read.
                                                                                                                                                                          spoiler alert: 2013 sucks too.
                                                                                  a muslim, a commie, and an illegal alien walk into a bar.. and the bartender says, "what can i get you mr. president?"
                                                              carpenter ants are bullshit, i left a whole box of ikea furniture here, all they did was carry off my watermelon and steal a picnic basket
                                                       the atom and the cation the atom says to the cation, "who's in charge around here?" cation: "i am!" atom: "are you sure?" cation: "i'm positive!"
                                                                         number one handheld a recent survey indicated that smartphone is the number 1 handheld device.. penis has slipped to number 2..
                                                              teens are like the magic 8ball of humans, they think they have all the answers & you want to shake them because what they said was stupid.
                                                                                             why doesn't gandalf dress as a pimp for halloween? so people do not take him as a conjurer of cheap tricks.
                                                                today at a work a few customers told me they were in denial about the approaching snow storm... i told them to watch out for crocodiles.
                                                                 i know repetitive noises irritate people so i'm surprised there weren't more rage-induced murders back when typewriters were being used
                                                             [the twitter breakdown of 2015] angry mobs storm the streets, forcing clever wordplay down the throats of unsuspecting, innocent bystanders
                                                                                                                       how did the blind carpenter regain his eyesight? he picked up his hammer and saw.
                                                                                                                                                                      what does a horny toad say? rub it
                                                                           i have a friend who doesn't drink coffee, so to stay alert at work he gets a healthy amount of sleep each night. what a loser
                                                                                                how many seo experts does it take to change a lightbulb? lightbulbs buy light bulbs neon lights sex porn
                                                                                                           when you ask a girl, wanna go to the gym with me? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rqegai6d-mm
                                                                                                                                     everyone knows someone whose laugh is always funnier than the joke.
                                                                                i was kicked out for trying to have sex with a girl with down syndrome i wanted to lose my virginity to someone special.
                                                                                                      how many karma whores does it take to change a light bulb? if this gets 500 upvotes i'll tell you!
                                                   a man walks into a bar... ...and loses the international limbo championship. (i feel like this is probably really old, but i hadn't heard it before.)
                                                                                                                                        "hey, did you get a haircut today?" "no, i got all of them cut."
                                                                                                                            what do you call your gps if it has the voice of terry crews? crews control.
                                                                                                                                                          warning: 18+ [link!](http://imgur.com/dkkxyoa)
                                                                                  my uncle once punched his 8-year-old daughter for cheating while playing cards. *he takes strip poker very seriously.*
                                                                                                                                                what do you call batman skipping church? christian bail.
                                                                                                  it was so hot in florida on new years... ...the ball in times square wasn't the only one that dropped.
                                                                                                                                                    what do you call a doctor for websites? a urlologist
                                 a girl goes into the doctors and says, 'doctor i have a pencil stuck in my pussy i might get lead poisoning, doctor looked and said ' dont worry it has a rubber on it.
                                                                                                                                                            what do you call a bad cubs game? unbearable
                                                                                                                                      george zimmerman is selling his gun i'm sure he'll make a killing.
                                                                                psychics develop their "6th sense" as soon as their sense of shame is dwarfed by their sense of how gullible people are.
                                                                                                                                      why couldn't the whistleblower step outside? because it's snowden.
                                                                                                                              want to hear a joke about jonestown? nevermind, the punchline is too long.
                                                                                       my best friend back home just had his first kid but i also will be giving birth today...to some relatable content
                                                                                                 20 year old me: *imagines awesome career, travelling the world, being in love* 32 year old me: *tweets*
                                                                                                                                        how do you help a woman going through menopause you hit menoplay
                                                                                                                                                                        karma's only a bitch if you are.
                                                             if i ever met the dalai lama, i would ask him a question that has plagued me my entire life. "what color do smurfs turn if you choke them?"
                                                                                                                          i bet the terrorists have a guy who does parody songs named weird al qaedavic.
                                                                    [on phone with attorney] him: you're being charged for murder. me: damn that sounds expensive i guess you can just put it on my amex
                                                                                                                                    two fish are still in a tank one turns to the other and says "nope!"
                                                                                                 the story of soy milk don't you guys think soy milk is just regular milk introducing itself in spanish?
                                                                                          do you want to hear the story on sigmund freud? nsfw it takes a while but it gets to the mother fucking point.
                                                                                                            never trust an atom. actually, it's probably fine. they only make up about 4% of everything.
                                                  didn't pull out 3 year ago i dont always wake up at 4 am on saturday....!!!!!!!!! but when i do....it because i forgot to pull out on time 3 years ago
                                                                            the birth of my own children didn't bring me half the joy many of you seem to experience when you point out my misspellings.
                                                                                                                                "honey, let's have a baby." - a cannibal couple discussing dinner plans.
                                                                                                                              why has the cost of balloons increased over the last 50 years?? inflation!
                                                                                    if earth is the third planet from sun after mercury and venus doesn't that make every country a third world country?
                                                                                                                                               deja moo: the feeling that you've heard this bull before.
                                                                                                     an apple a day keeps the doctors away! with that logic a bullet a day should keep the retards away!
                                                                                                                                                                        my drug dealer ... cracks me up.
                                                                                             *lowers thermostat* *dad puts it back* *lowers thermostat again* *dad puts it back again* the real cold war
                                                                                      when i die i want the people i did group work with to lower me into my grave so they can let me down one last time
                                                                                                                                             what's a skunk's favourite game  in school? show and smell!
                                                                                       what do you call an emo a capella group? self harmony edit: #10 on /r/all! and thanks for the gold kind stranger!
                                                                                                                       my girlfriend text me "lets watch godzilla"........ i reply "look at the mirror"!
                                                                                                                             what did the brown cow say to the brown chicken? brown chicken brown cow ;)
                                                                                                                                           chuck norris already counted up to the infinite... two times.
                                                                                                  how many feminists does it take to change a lightbulb? trick question, feminists cant change anything!
                                                                       i wish that regular church goers would stay home at easter so that those of us who only come once a year can get in the building.
                                                                                                                                                                  does a cow have the buddha-nature? mu.
                                                                                                                i hate it when people ask me what i'll be doing in 5 years.... i don't have 2020 vision.
                                                                                                        a man's penis enters the guinness book of records... then the librarian told him to take it out.
                                                                      tomorrow i am going to dig up and open the time capsule i buried when i was a kid. cannot wait to see how big my puppy has gotten!
                                                                                                                                                  what do you call an uncertain insect today? a may bee.
                                                    people think jesus was so great... but all he did was give fish to a thousand people. &amp;nbsp; you forget that hitler made 6 million people toast.
                                                                                                                                                     what do you call a horse that is on fire? neighpalm
                                                                                                            woops! accidentally hit "reply all" when i only meant to tell one co-worker to kill himself.
                                                                *at the pond* "honthere's something i need to ask you" *emotional* yes? *blows duck call* *ducks on water arrange to spell out 'tacos?'*
                                                                                                                   i usually close my eyes when i kiss girls. not as much pepper spray gets in that way.
                                                                                                                                                   why don't girls have beards? it's in their "jeans" ;)
                                                                 me: smells like upyou'refreetogo in here. cop: what's upyou'refreetogo? me: *finger guns* catch ya later cop: aww damn lol got me again
                                                                                                                                                           why was the lettuce scared of the salad? cos.
                                                            *puts leash around pet lobster* i think there will be games and lots of friends to play with pinchy *walks into lobsterfest* cover your eyes
                                                                                                                                     beauty tip: having a bad hair day? solution: wear a low cut blouse.
                                                                                                                                         what is the difference between snowmen and snowomen? snowballs.
                        two cows are grazing in a field. one cow says "hey, did you hear about the mad cow disease? it's spreading pretty fast." the other cow says "yeah. good thing i'm a helicopter."
                                                                                               i was quite surprised when i was arrested for exposing a pedophile ring. all i did was moon a school bus.
                                                                          coffee is a gateway drug. you end up stirring liquid with increasingly larger sticks until eventually you're paddling a kayak.
                                                                    son, your mother and i looked at your browser history. frankly, it's not pretty. do you for real need a walkthrough for call of duty
                                                                             my signature move is falling in love with a beautiful girl, then giving her really good advice on how to date someone else.
                                                                                                                why did the semen cross the road? because i put on the wrong pair of socks this morning.
                                                                                                                                                                   m.c. escher goes into an ou so s   w.
                                                                                                            why was the dolphin sad? because it didn't know it's porpoise in life. thank you. thank you.
                                                                                         logic what happens when u ask a fake logic fan... what is your favorite logic album? their response flexicution
                                                                                                                                                    what do you call a wandering caveman? a meanderthal.
                                                                                                                                                                  what does a subatomic duck say? quark.
                                                                                  told my kid not to touch the floor of the bathroom, so he licked the doorknob instead. the dumb is strong in this one.
                                                                                                 standing in the park, i was wondering why a frisbee gets larger the closer it gets. and then it hit me.
                                                                                                                                             why is toblerone shaped like a triangle? to fit in the box.
                                                                                                       if a tree falls in the forest and nobody hears it, then my illegal logging business is a success.
                                                            kevin, children are allowed to order pizzas. you don't have to make the delivery guy think he's being shot at by gangsters. for christ sake.
                                                                                                                       what's the difference between you and a dead prostitute? your job still sucks....
                                                                                                                                                                     the modern police force by iris tew
                                                                                                 if i had a dollar for every woman that thought i was ugly... eventually they wouldn't think i was ugly.
                                            what could you do if you were on a desert island without food or water? open your watch: drink from the spring and eat the sand which is (sandwiches) there.
                                                                               a jewish boy asks his father for 50 bucks. what the hell are you going to do with 30 dollars? why do you want 10 dollars?
                                                                                    it's a dangerous world out there. two peanuts are walking down the street, one was assaulted, the other was shelled.
                                                                                                            why is mortal kombat x popular among sjws? because it has the block button. *cue the flames*
                                                                                                                               if there was award for laziness... . i would send someone else to get it.
                                                                                                                  kids, because why would you want to sleep on more than 6 inches of your king size bed?
                                                                                           detective baby: we got you dead to rights, dirtbag. *suspect puts face in hands* detective baby: he's escaped
                                                                                                                                          how do i know sarah's a vegetarian? because i've me herbivore.
                                                                                                              who's faster than christopher walken? christopher runnen who's slower? christopher crawlen
                                                                                  what did the egg say to the  boiling water? "how can you expect me to get hard so fast? i just got laid a minute ago."
                                                                                                                                   what do you call the reptile that started the fight? the insti-gator.
                                                                                                                         i'm getting restraining orders against all the cops so i can do anything i want
                                                                                                                  a man was hospitalised with 6 plastic toy horses up his anus his condition was stable.
                                                              when i was a kid, i thought getting arrested for shoplifting meant getting in trouble for trying to carry a store like popeye or something
                                                                                                the closest i've been to murder is holding my choco-chip cookie under the milk until the bubbles stop...
                                                                                     there is nothing funnier than yelling "she's stealing my baby!" at a mom having a hard time with her kid in public.
                                                                                          hey you got a sec? next time someone asks you if you got a sec, you must simply reply" no i have lots of secs"
                                                                                                                                                   what do you call trees that grow in tobago? tobogany.
                                                                                                          why do bald men have holes in their pockets? so they can run their fingers through their hair.
                                                               man goes to a library asking for a book on suicide... the librarian refuses. he asks why. the librarian replies 'who'll return the book?'
                                                                                                         rouge one spoilers!!! screen fades to black at the end and a bunch of names start scrolling up.
                                                                                                                                               *shows up at your work* "hi, it's me. from the internet."
                                                                                                                                                              nine out of ten people... enjoy gang rape.
                                                                                                                                         "i just launched a new fragrance!" - fun way to announce a fart
                                                                                          i was trying to find some spare ram sticks in our stock room but i couldn't see any... because it was so-dimm.
                                                                        maybe wishes would come true if instead of throwing a penny in a fountain you threw something in that wasn't completely useless.
                                                                                                                                        what did the lawyer say to the other lawyer? we're both lawyers.
   eternal life police have arrested a man for selling pills that promise eternal life. records show that it was the fourth time he has been arrested. his previous arrests were in 1760,1839, and 1946.
                                                                                                                                                          know how much a pirate pays for corn? bucaneer
                                                                                                                                               why was the scandinavian atheist warm? he had thor doubt.
                                                                       i was standing out side the other day and a bat flew at my head it was a louisville slugger and i don't remember much after that.
                                                                                                           a horse walks into a bar... the bartender says, "hey!" the horse replies, "you read my mind!"
                                                                                            the day you introduce your mom to chuck norris, is the day you mom introduces you to your biological father.
                                                                                      missing: black and white cat with red collar. very intelligent. mittens, if you're reading this, please come home.
                                                                                                                                  what did the skunk use to contact his girlfriend? his smellular phone!
                                                                                                                                                               i like my tvs like i like my women curvy.
                                                            [food naming committee] ... ok. cow? - beef ground up? - burger great. pig? - pork baked & sliced? - ham super! deer? - venison fish? - fish
                                                                                      when improv teams ask for suggestions, i like to yell "learn a trade before your father cuts you off financially!"
                                                                                                                                                                round the mountain by sheelagh b. cummin
                                                                                                 why did elton john have to go to hospital after the queen concert? they found traces of mercury in him.
                                                                                                                                      i should become a bomb specialist... it's a booming industry. heh.
                                                                                                                                            what's a terrorists favorite sex toy? [nsfw] a blow up doll!
                                                                                                                             i hate how funerals are always at like 9 or 10am i'm not a mourning person.
                                                                                                to all those who received a book from me as a christmas present, they are due back at the library today.
                                                                                         how are rookie marathon runners like people with erectile dysfunction? there both just honestly happy to finish
                                           my girlfriend and i could never agree on holidays... i wanted to fly to exotic places and stay in luxurious five-star hotels. and she wanted to come with me.
                                                                                                                             last night, a guy tried to stab me with a butter knife he said i was toast.
                                                                                         i had to go to the hospital without insurance. it wasn't so bad, though. they let me keep my watch and my shoe.
                                                                                     what's the difference between a good year blimp and 365 days of sex one is good year and the other is a great year.
                                                                                                                                                          what sound does an octopus make? a squid word.
                                                               'dances with wolves'... but it's just me, running around my backyard with an uncooked steak, screaming, while the neighborhood dogs bark.
                                                                                 a guy dressed as a chicken for halloween finds a girl dressed as an egg. apparently the answer is chicken. (edit: typo)
                                                                                                                         they should make a weed strain called "wmd" except it turns out it doesnt exist
                                                                                                                             [nsfw] what do woman and airplanes have in common? they both have cockpits.
                                                                 her:"let's make a baby." him: "okay! hold on." *goes to bathroom* [5 minutes later.] her: "where'd you go?" him: "you meant with you??"
                                                                                                                                                              who's microsoft's favorite musician? adele
                                                                                                                                                                        so m'lady walks into a bar ouch.
                                                                                                there are 10 types of people in this world.... those who understand binary numbers, and those who don't.
                                                                                      it's kind of fcuked up that valentine's day is the only socially acceptable time to trade sexual favors for gifts.
                                                                                                                                               my wallet is like an onion every time i look at it, i cry
                                                                                                                                                     why'd you order the fish n' chips? for the halibut.
                                                                                           he is on that bird call website a lot. - my mom describing me on twitter to older relatives at get-togethers.
                                                                                               mil: you're going to give me a heart attack someday! m: last time i checked you didn't even have a heart.
                                                                                                       thanks to me, you'll probably start seeing 'for display only' signs on the toilets at home depot.
                                                                                                                                                                          dwarf porn is a little fucked.
                                                                                                            a morbid joke if serial killers kill people in series, are suicide bombers parallel killers?
                                                                                                                                     why don't baptist's have sex standing up? it could lead to dancing.
                                                                                                 did you hear about the guy who took some dude's ear off with a vacuum cleaner? his name was mike dyson.
                                                                                                                                               i had to fire my carpenter turns out he was a mahoganist.
                                                                                                                                                        if 2 vegetarians argue... ... do they have beef?
                                                                                                           the toughest part of a job interview is finding the exact right moment to go in for the kiss.
                                                                                                                                               i'm giving up sex for lent.. .. it shouldn't be too hard.
                                                                                          this tweet was going to be really funny but i didn't write it down because i was totally sure i'd remember it.
                                                                                                                                                 what did cindarella do when she got to the ball? gagged
                                                               [car wreck] [hand reaches out] "take my hand. i'm chad kroeger from the popular band nickelback." [i let the flames slowly bake me alive]
                                                                                                                                           my friend eats dead people but it's okay because he's a fungi
                                                                                                        hello everyone. i'm using internet explorer so i hope this gets out in time. happy new year 2006
                 a young lady from my office just sent me an email saying "ithinktherearesomeproblemswithmykeyboardcanyoupleasegivemeanalternative" oh boy am i excited, but what does "ternative" mean?
                                           a verb tried to pick up a noun at the club... he wanted to conjugate, but she had to decline. probably all for the best. she was right up against her period.
                                                              i turn 30 in like 4 and a half hours... i always said i'd retire from comedy if i hadn't "made it" by 30. ...so i've got like 4 hours left
                                                                                                                                                            me: i'm done peeing!! khakis: no you're not.
                                                                                                                  what do pirates and pimps have in common? they both say "yo ho!" and walk with a limp.
                                                                                                                                men are like department stores. their clothes should always be half off.
                                                                                                                             did you know that diarrhea is hereditary? it's true, it runs in your jeans.
                                                                                                                                                                         satellite radio. (sirius tweet)
                                                                                                                    how many hipsters does it take to change a lightbulb? oh, i have that vinyl at home.
                                                                      staring deeply into the abyss. paralyzed by fear. unable to move, let alone function. in short, yes, pandora. i'm still listening.
                                         have you guys heard the joke about the airplane? i'd tell it, but it'd go over your heads.... corny jokes thread! op will deliver knee slappers and humdingers!
                                                                                                                                            did you hear about the kidnapping? its ok, they're awake now
                                                                                                                                             what do they call brassieres in germany? holdzemfromfloppen
                                                                                                     did you hear about the author who wrote a book during her time of the month? it was a period piece.
                                                                                                                                               i lost 50 pounds in two days im never playing poker again
                                                                                                  11: did it rain last night? me: no. 11: but it's so wet! me: that's what she said. 11: what? me: what?
                                                               "why did u jump off that bridge?" my friend did it too "well if your friend jumped off a bridge would u?" yes. i literally just said that
                                                                                                                                         why should you never trust a noodle? because they're in-pastas.
                                                                                                                     what s the difference between toilet paper and toast? toast is brown on both sides.
                                                                                            sometimes i hang out in tea shops waiting for someone to say "oolong" so i can shout "that's what she said!"
                                                                                                                                                           two peanuts walk into a bar one was a salted.
                                                                                                                            white people dance like they have an invisible hula hoop around their waist.
                                                                        the bible says any man who lies with a man should be taken out and stoned, so i took all my gay friends out and got them wasted.
                                                           how many redditors does it take to screw in a lightbulb? one + all... one to screw in the lightbulb, the rest just bitch that it is a repost.
                                                                                                                                                  did you hear about the circus fire? ...it was intents!
                                                                                                                              a study have shown that there are actually twice as many boobs than women.
                                                                                                      a legendary quote by mahatma gandhi "history is not created by those who browse in incognito mode"
                                                                                                                                                          rape jokes aren't funny... they're too forced.
                                                                                   i'm holding a latte and a scone while i break into this audi so people think it's mine and i've locked my keys in it.
                                                                                            call your son jack so you can drop your wife and jack off every morning. (actually heard a friend said that)
                                                                                                         did you hear that shakira and madonna had a big fight? they're no longer on a first-name basis.
                                                                                    a dwarf, that happens to be a mystic, escapes from prison. the call went out that there was a small medium at large.
                                                                                                             oh is it really raining outside? please post a status update for all of us with no windows.
                                                                                             i always hoped my kids wouldn't have to suffer the same things i had to. then michael bolton comes back....
                                                                                               a panic attack is hearing your teens laughing in another room at the same time you can't find your phone.
                                                                                                                                               why did the cyclops quit teaching? he had only one pupil.
                                                                                                                                                        never cry for an onion that doesn't deserve you.
                                                so, thor is going to be female from now on. i bet chris hemsworth wishes he'd paid more attention to the small print when signing that avengers contract
                                                                                                             today i told my girlfriend she should really join reddit cause... we'd be on the same page.
                                                                            these jehovah's witnesses are getting creative. they are now knocking on my door dressed as cops saying they have a warrant.
                                                                                                               what happens when a carpenter drinks with his wife? he gets hammered and she gets nailed.
                                                                                                                                              what will putin be having for thanksgiving dinner? turkey.
                                                                                                    in a stunning display of maturity, kid rock announces he is changing his name to adult contemporary.
                                                                                                      no punchline needed. did you hear micheal j fox got a new job working as james bond bartender.....
                                                                                                  why do only 99.9% of dentists recommend listerine? because the other .1% is too busy out hunting lions
                                                                                                                                 having kids isn't that bad, just don't have like the really young ones.
                                                                                                               i saw a hooker sneeze.. so i handed her a tissue. she used it to clean off her inner leg.
                                                                                                                              why can't fashion designers play uno? because they always draw a cardigan.
                                                                                                                           why do italians only eat italian bread? it's ciabatta buy than english bread.
                                                                                                                                                why did the bacon laugh? because the egg cracked a yolk.
                                                                                                                                          me: hello darkness my old friend darkness: i have a boyfriend.
                                                                                                                                               when i go outside in the winter... i like to put my codon
                                                                                                                                            what is green and has wheels grass. i lied about the wheels.
                                                                                                        is this the alcoholics helpline? operator: "yes." caller: "can you tell me how to make sangria?"
                                                                     y'all are gonna be sorry when i figure out how to breed spiders and bees and my army of "spees" is stingin' and bitin' you and shit
                                                                                   sources are saying geno smith threw the first punch but it landed a few yards short and was returned for a touchdown.
                                                                   cop: why'd you kill him? me: i was trying to count something and he kept shouting random numbers cop: ugh hate that you're free to go
                                                                                                                                              what's the funniest thing /r/funny has done? gone private.
                                                                                                                                                         what do you call an illegally parked frog? toad
                                                                                                                                what do you get if you put 100 paralitycs in a hot tub? a vegetable soup
                                                                                                                         i saw a homeless dude and gave him 1$ i saw a homeless woman and gave her 0.77$
                                                                                                                   i have a confession to make: i masturbate in the shower. it feels good to come clean.
                                                              *at funeral* thank you all for coming. as you already know, my dignity has left us. i tripped in front of all my coworkers. it was tragic.
                                                                                                                             i think i'm a mushroom everyone keeps me in the dark and feeds me bullshit.
                                                                                                                              what do you get when you cross an elephant with a rhino? *shrug* elephino.
                                                                                                                                             how long does it take a black lady to shit? about 9 months.
                                                                                                                                                  the biggest lie "i have read the terms and conditions"
                                                                                                                    i told my friend i had hiv... she asked me if i was sure. i told her i was positive.
                                                                                                                                                  how do they say "fuck you" in los angeles? "trust me."
                                                                                                                                                                did somebody unplug brazil's controller?
                                              why was the deaf man sighing and shaking his head in disgust when he looked over at his next door neighbour? because she was *airing her dirty laundry*!!!
                                                                                                                    every time student loan rates double, the price of solo cups should get cut in half.
                                                                                                                            my weed stash is like the koran... if you burn that shit, you'll get stoned.
                                                                                                     so a guy gave his friend ten puns hoping one of them would make him laugh. sadly, no pun in ten did
                                                                                                                                                                desi vedio jugar of india jugar india ka
                                                                   what do you call a man under a pile of leaves? - russell. what do you call a man under a pile of leaves for thousands of years? pete.
                                                                                                                                    picture the perfect woman. wrong. you're a guy. you're always wrong.
                                                                                                                                   my girlfriend is a pornstar shes going to kill me once she finds out,
                                                                                       cigarettes are like squirrels... they're completely harmless until you put one in your mouth and light it on fire
                                                                                                                  wanna hear a joke you don't tell an orphan? knock knock. who's there? not your family.
                                                                                                   i was listening to the comedy station today and bill cosby came on. i fell asleep shortly thereafter.
                                                                                                                          who will take the second shot in this snooker game? find out, after the break.
                                                              *checking out of hotel california* you can check-out any time you like "okay yes, now" but you can never leave! "ugh where's your manager"
                                                                                                                         what do you get when you cross an english bulldog and a shih tzu? a bull-shiht!
                                                                                                                                  how do you circumcise a guy from wyoming? kick his sister in the chin.
                                                                                                                                             what is matthew mcconaughey favorite bread? all rye all rye
                                                                                                                 why was the divorce lawyer pro-gay marriage? because any marriage is good for business!
                                                                                                                  what did the jewish lesbian say to her girlfriend before taking her virginity? l'hymen
                                                                      daughter comes home with shirt inside out. me: why is your shirt on wrong? daughter: i think you old people call it: "second base"
                                                                                                                                    i used to be addicted to the hokey pokey but i turned myself around.
                                                                                                            no matter how bad things get, at least i have my fingers! i know i can always count on them.
                                                                         if you laid end-to-end all the plastic bottles an average family throws away in a year, you will have wasted a fuckton of time.
                                                                                                                                          don't call donald trump a cunt. he lacks the warmth and depth.
                                                                                                           gotta ove valentines day roses are red, violets are blue, i'm not a good poet, ...you're hot.
                                                                                                                                                            wait, fellatio isn't a flavor of ice cream?!
                                                                                i went to a nightclub the other evening and saw a topless ventriloquist. she was really good. i never saw her lips move.
        my family is german. i've learned the hard way not to get drunk. the hangovers aren't the problem, but for some reason i keep waking up in poland, and all my jewish neighbors keep vanishing...
                                                                                                                               i've never heard a good joke about islam... they've all been a bit shiite
                            a group of people walk into a bar... an irishman, a rabbi, a japanese man, a blind man and a boat captain walk into a bar. the bartender asks "is this some kind of a joke?"
                                                                                                                                                     what do you call a lesbian dinosaur a lickalotopuss
                                                                                                                                               where does a homosexual southerner live? in dick-sea land
                                                                                                                                                     what do you call 2 chainz when he gets fat? 2 chinz
                                                                        when asked which is more important looks or brains? 9 out of 10 zombies said "braaaaiiiiinnnnssss" number 10 ate the researcher.
      i asked the girl i've been dating to see fifty shades of grey with me this weekend, but i think she's worried were moving too fast. she seemed concerned and said she didn't want to be tied down.
                                                                                                                                                 aquafina is spanish for "tap water in a plastic bottle"
                                                                                                                                what do you call an esa engineer serving the comet lander? philae minion
                                                                                              mom: who's your background? me: my boyfriend mom: can i meet him? me: not before i do mom: what? me: what?
                                                                                                                                                          where do beers go to pick up girls? ho gardens
                                                                                                  dyslexic devil worshipper did you hear about the dyslexic devil worshipper who soul his sold to santa?
                                                                                         my mom yelled at my sister " get outta my purse!"... my sister yelled back "i'm too big to be in you're purse!"
                                                                     [murder trial] judge: so in 27 years of marriage, you never knew your wife was allergic to salt? mr.slug:[into mic] that's correct.
                                                                                                                                 why don't debutantes like group sex? too many thank you notes to write.
                                                                                            i bought my wife a dildo and a book for her birthday.. if she doesn't like the book she can go fuck herself.
                                                                                                                                                    what video game would adolf hitler play? mein kraft.
                                                                                                                                  'let's just agree to disagree.' -me, saying grace at the dinner table.
                                                             [first date] her: do you consider yourself a feminist? me: oh i'm not feminist at all! her: me: in fact, some of my best friends are women.
                                                                                                                    sodium said to neon, "i gave your mother my electron last night!" neon didn't react.
                                                                                                                  what do you call a snobbish criminal going downstairs? a condescending con descending.
                                                                                i'm always disappointed when i board a plane and there's no handsome man running after me to stop me. thanks, hollywood.
                                                                                                                                         what do you call a paraplegic runner? a boston marathon victim.
                                                                                                                                                                  you're not sure  outrun and make sure.
               three nuns are sitting on a park bench... ...when a man in a trenchcoat walks up and flashes them. the first nun has a stroke. the second nun has a stroke. the third nun couldn't reach.
                                                                                 a woman walks up to me and says "give me 12 inches and make it hurt".... so i banged her 4 times and hit her w/ a brick
                                                                                                             so everybody hates crocs yet the company is worth $2 billion!some of you f*ckers are lying!
                                                                                                                 new pet ideas: an egg with hair on, small bear, tictac size baby cats, frog with wheels
                                                                                                                           what's black and white and red all over (updated) wall street journal online.
                                                                                                                                             hedgehogs ... why can't they learn to just share the hedge.
                                                                                                                                                    what do you call a female manager? miss. management.
                                                                                                        why are black people so fast? [don't say it in public] ... because all the slow ones are in jail
                                                                                                               why do farmers have potential to become great judges? they recognize bullshit from miles.
                                                                                                                whats the difference between a corvette and a blowjob? your mom didnt give me a corvette
                                                                                                                 what has four legs and see just as well from  either end? a horse with his eyes closed!
                                                                                                                                       the closest i've come to being an athlete is using adobe acrobat.
                                                                                                                             how did the steak chef at the courthouse like his paycheck? in legal tender
                                                                                i saw this homeless guy talking to himself and i was like, "who is he talking to?" then i thought "who am i talking to?"
                                                                                                                                                            ellen pao on the new $10 bill! worth 2 cents
                                                                                                                     what's the difference between a maine girl and a moose? 15 lbs and a flannel shirt.
                                                                                                                                          is your last name stilton? *insert cheesy pickup line here...*
                                                                                        ever since i got married i have sex almost every day. i almost had sex on monday. i almost had sex on tuesday...
                                                                                                                                         what do you call a herd of masturbating cattle? beef strokenoff
                                                                                            why did the scare crow get a raise? because he was outstanding in his field. annnnd you all have cancer now.
                                                                                                                                what did one rock say to the other? ha, you really think rocks can talk?
                                                                                            i probably shouldn't have spent $500 on that pair of leather sunglasses... but hidesight is 20/20, i suppose
                                 "what are you going to do with your time, now that you're retired?" "i'm going to finish my book." "i didn't know you were writing a book." "i'm not, i'm reading one."
                                                                                                                        why did they have to put michael jackson down? because he couldn't race anymore!
                                                                             if a cowboy rides into town on friday and three  days later leaves on friday how does he do it? the horse's name is friday!
                                                                wife: our daughter lied to me. me: what did i tell you about telling the truth? 5-year-old: it's only for people who don't have lawyers.
                                                                                                                                             what kind of dog wears a uniform and medals ? a guard dog !
                                                                 walking past a new employee's desk & yelling, "do you think it's a good idea to be surfing porn on your first day?" will never get old.
                         a man was walking his dog through a graveyard... when he saw another man crouching behind a gravestone. "morning!", he says. the other man replies, "nope, just taking a shit."
                                                                                       dance like the picture's not being tagged. love like you've never been unfriended. tweet like no one's following.
                               why did jim morrison cross the road? to break on through to the other side! credit goes to [savage chickens.](http://www.savagechickens.com/2005/03/door-number-one.html)
                                                                                                                  did you hear about the tv show with fbi agents and witches? it's called the hex-files.
                                                        mom is feeding her baby a bottle of blood. dad walks in and goes "why are you feeding our baby a bottle of blood?!" mom says "cause we're poor."
                                                                                              eighty seven percent of single people are single because they don't want to share their pizza with anyone.
                                                                                                                                 the snake handler the snake handler suffered from a reptile dysfinction
                                                                              the city of chicago is no longer giving speeding tickets... instead, to deter speeders, the are giving away bears tickets.
                                                                                                                                                      what do you get when you burn baltimore? baltiless
                                                                                                                                          what happens when you give a politician viagra? he gets taller
                                                                                                                                         why didn't the waffle go to the pancake party? he was a square.
                                                                                                                                                      how do hipsters buy their drugs? by the instagram.
                                                                                                   in the spirit of halloween.... why did the witch divorce her husband ? because he had a hollow weiner
                                                                                                                              my friend stabbed me with a pencil, i guess you could say i got the point.
                                                                                                                         why should you never date a tennis player? because love means nothing to them!!
                                                                                                                                     i would say go with the bigger penis but i really want trump to win
                                                                                                                                          a master baker is known to put a lot of himself into his work.
                                                              [circus school] "so to tame the lion, you have this whip..." what if the lion's too close? [picking up tiny stool] "we've thought of that"
                                                                   paddy's firework party was a complete disaster. "i don't understand it!" he said. "they all worked fine when i tried them yesterday,"
                                                             sometimes i'll send a tweet, notice a typo in it, delete it, re-send it, notice a different typo, unplug computer, change my name and move.
                                                      i asked a chinese girl for her number... she replied "sex! sex! sex!...freeee sex tonight!" i said "wow", then her friend said "she means 6663629"
                                                                                                                what did the girl with no hands get for her birthday? i don't know, she hasn't opened it
                                                                                          i thought of this one in history class today the thing about communist jokes is that everyone has to get them.
                                                                                                                                so many rainbows so little rain. please send rain, sincerely california.
                          my name is forrest! i constantly hear forrest gump jokes, ever since i can remember they've been the same ones, and i want to hear something original! work your magic reddit!
                                                                                   what does a high school dance have in common with the parking lot at a keith urban concert? lots of bad pickup lines.
                                                                                                                    what part of the body did the chiropractor fix when eminem came in?  *shady's back* 
                                                                                                                      what do you call a scam artist who uses his vocabulary to commit crimes? a lexicon
                                                                                           why did the mission control operator tell the astronauts not to eat any food? she saw some off-nom telemetry.
                                                                                                                                                             two consonants and a vowel go into a bar...
                                                                                                                  how do you know when mexico is playing in the world cup? literally all gardening stops
                                                                                                                                 why was christopher never in the same place? because he's always walken
                                                                                                                                                   what's online, about to comment, and very judgmental?
                                                                                       did you hear about kanye west's son changing his name to south? he felt he his life needed a change of direction.
                                                                                               i'm working on a fitness routine for insects. it's going well, but i'm still trying to work out the bugs.
                                                                 [during a huddle in a crucial ice hockey match] me: ok listen up guys [all the other players look at me] me: is....is anyone else cold?
                                                                                              did torres play for every other epl club before chelsea ? .... because he never celebrated scoring a goal.
                                                                                                                                                                what are mexican hackers called? banddos
                                                             me (on desert island): good thing i was able to grab this cd player & my 5 fav cds other survivor: i saw you put down bread & pick those up
                                                                                               me: whatcha doin? 12yo: catching up on walking dead. me: did hershel die yet? 12yo: what?! me: guess not.
                                                                                                                               what do you call an upbeat and reasonable fortune teller? a happy medium.
                                                                                                                             one time, i wrote down so many double entendres... ...i had to rub one out.
                                                                                                                                    i wonder if tap dancers.... look at a floor and think "i'd tap that"
                                                                                                                    what is the golden rule for cows? do unto udders as you would have udders do to you!
                                                                                                                      doctor doctor i've broke my arm in two places well don't go back there again then!
                                                                    the last time my heart beat this fast i was at my boyfriend's parent's house and the toilet water was rising... -my best pickup line
                                                                                                                                                                this obama guy is the worst rapper ever.
                                                                                                       i can finally set my tivo to record "the biggest loser"... ...kept trying to record the jets game
                                                                                                        why couldn't the pirate have gravy with his thanksgiving dinner? because someone stole his boat.
                                                                                                                                               why was the baby honeydew sad? because it was meloncholic
                                                                                        why did the lawyer refuse to take payment when defending the lead singer of u2? because he said he was pro bono.
                                                             whenever i see sombody obsessively taking photos of the sunset, i go up to them & whisper "dont worry.. the sun is gonna come back tomorow"
                                                                     whats a mans favorite word that starts with 'm' and ends in 'arriage'? a miscarriage! this joke never gets old, just like the baby!
                                                                                              my friend told me kanye west was the next john lennon i replied "then i'll be the next mark david chapman"
                                                              close your eyes. now imagine a peaceful meadow. that meadow represents your betrayal. i told you to close your eyes, but you kept reading.
                                                                                               "no mom i don't have a boyfriend!" -lie you tell at 18. "no mom i have a boyfriend!" -lie you tell at 28.
                                                                                                                                                     what's the most popular white wine all lives matter
                                                                                                                                                            how much does a hipster weigh? an instagram.
                                                                                                                           dance dance revolution is an intense game but an even more intense to-do list
                                                                                       what's the best thing about have sex with a lady boy you can reach round and pretend its went all the way through
                                                                                                                     punny chemistry "what's jerry sandusky's favorite compound?" "what?" "a mole ester"
                                                                                                   i hate proof reading. i like to think that whatever i wrote the first time around is already perefct.
                                                                             sorry i looked completely surprised that your baby didn't burst into flames when i chanted the power of christ compels you.
                                                                                                                                              "dear nasa... ...your mom thought i was big enough" -pluto
                                                               when you've got bad hair and a chin zit all you can do is wear a low cut shirt and hope people look you in the tits instead of your face.
                                                                                                                                             why are rabbits like calculators? they both multiply a lot.
                                                                                                                         i was born with abnormally large arms.... ...the doctor said i was very humerus
                                                                                                                 a kid with a speech impediment spends his entire childhood in speech therapy. youthless
                                                                                                       believe it or not, my wife and i were actually matched on tinder. we'd been married for 12 years.
                                                                                              me: yeah was bingo the name of the dog or the farmer professor: i meant questions about the exa- holy shit
                                                                                   checking if my webcam is on when i do really shady shit is my grown up version of checking under my bed for monsters.
                                                                                                                                                      what is the sound of one hand typing? fap-fap-fap.
                                                                                                               how to get laid. a guide. steps: 1. lay on bed 2. wait 2 hours 3. lay becomes past tense.
                                                                                                                           what do you call a dog with no legs? it doesn't matter. he won't come anyway.
                                                                                                     why women live longer than men? because shopping never causes heart attacks, but paying bills does.
                                                                                                                                                         have you heard the me neither joke? me neither.
                                           how many drummers does it take to screw in a light bulb? four. one to screw in the light bulb and three to talk about how neil peart could've done it better.
                                                                    sometimes i like to pet another dog while making eye contact with my dog. adds just the right amount of tension to our relationship.
                                                                                                                                                q: where do cows go on friday nights? a: to the moovies.
                                                                                                                                                    smoking is a slow death! but we're not in a hurry...
                                                                                                                                              what do you do when your dishwasher breaks? get a new wife
                                                                                                                what did the couch surfing, yoga junkie say when his friend asked him to leave? namaste.
                                                                                                                                                        my dick is like amazon prime... it comes fast :(
                                                                                                                                                     what brand of makeup does cap'n crunch wear c'ereal
                                                                             buddy: her boyfriend was killed? me: yeah, she said he was hung like a horse but i'm like, who even kills horses like that?
                                                                                      so a neutrino walks into a bar... bartender: "can i get you a drink?" neutrino: "no thanks, just passing through."
                                                          mommy! i found a $10 bill today, but i threw it away, cus it was fake. "oh, how did you know it was fake?" "it had two zeroes instead of one."
                                                                                                        baby's first knock knock joke knock knock who's there? haha! you're never going to get this one!
                                                                                                                                               what makes rihanna different from other black people work
                                                                                                                                             failure is not an optionit comes bundled with the software.
                                                                                                                       how do you spot a sumo at a feminist rally? look for the one with shaved legs....
                                                                              the only 'b' word you should ever call a woman is "beautiful"... ...because bitches love it when you call them "beautiful"
                                                            *flips over table* *table flips back up* table: you got a problem? me: do you? table: ... me: huh? table: ... me: i said do we ha- table: no
                                                                                                                       i finally get why everyone on earth is so moody... this whole planet is bi-polar.
                                                                                                                                         why is the network engineer sad? because his career is in bits.
                                                                                                                    life is like a pubic hair on a toilet seat... sooner or later you'll get pissed off.
                                                                                                                                                             hiding from people at parties is my cardio.
                                                                                               remember the game where you would take turns yelling, "penis!" in public? life was so simple before 9/11.
                                                                            croc sandals are like getting a blowjob from a dude... they feel amazing but you realize how gay you are when you look down.
                                                                                                                q: why didn't the t-rex skeleton attack the museum visitors? a: because she had no guts!
                                                                                                                              on which day during black history month are the kids taught how to dougie?
                                                                  what is similar between the life of an ethiopian kid and the hype of call of duty: infinite warfare? they're practically non existent.
                                                               scientist: the universe is a big mess of molecules bumping into each other. me: i like when pizza molecules bump into my mouth molecules.
                                                                       5k mud runners i hate people that brag about paying $ to run a 5k race in mud. big deal cause in africa, that's called wednesday.
                                                                                                                                                            if you want to hide your face, go out naked.
                                                                                                                                         has anyone here ever tried ethiopian food? they haven't either.
                                                                                                                                            chuck norris doesn't swim, water just likes to be around him
                                                                                                                                                  yo momma is so fat her butt is the butt of every joke.
                                                                                                                                               what's the most messed up trap for santa? a nicolas cage.
                                                                                                      talking to women is a lot like origami. i don't know where to start and i always end up screaming.
     relationship joke a man asks his wife, "what would you do if i won the lottery?" his wife says, "take half and leave your ass!" the man replies, "great! i won 12 bucks, here is six, now get out!"
                                                                                                                      did you hear about the new emo pizza? you just make fun of it, and it cuts itself!
                                                                                                                                                   how do make a kia twice as valuable? fill up the tank
                                                                                                                                              never hit a man with glasses. hit him with a baseball bat.
                                                                                                                                                            what's the best part of a movie? the climax.
                                                              it should be a rule that if you're going to put you kid on a leash, you can't be mad if someone walks up, asks if they bite, and pets them
                                                                      a short one for classical musicians i once owned a frying pan that once belonged to the great leopold stokowski. it was non-stick.
                                                                 i had the worst night last night.. the ghost of gloria gaynor appeared in front of my bed. at first i was afraid, then i was petrified.
                                                                                                                                                                    vitamin c is spanish for vitamin yes
                                                                                                                what are the advantages of living in switzerland? well, for one, the flag is a big plus.
              a boy calls 911 boy: hello? i need your help! 911 operator: what's your emergency? boy: two girls are fighting over me! 911 operator: so what's the problem? boy: the ugly one is winning.
                                                                                                                                       what is the most recycled joke that keeps getting used? your mom.
                                                                                                               pluto is 4.5 billion years old, but yet it is not allowed to sit at the grown-ups' table.
                                                                                                                                                   what do you call a rich frog? a gold-blooded reptile.
                                                                                                                           what's the difference between light and hard? you can't sleep with a light on
                                                                                                                               i'm trying to write a joke about unemployed people... it needs more work.
                                                                                                                                           what secret society do strippers work for? the illuminaughty.
                                                                               what do you get if you put four economists in a white room and ask them what colour the walls are? four different answers
                                                             [plane] "is there a doctor on board?" im a doctor "okay quick the passenger is having a heart att- of fine arts "what?" doctor of fine arts
                                                                                                                   why do sumo wrestles shave their legs? so that you can tell them apart from feminists
                                           whales in a bar two whales walk into a bar. the first one says, "ouuhhhhwahhhhhhh ouhhhhhhh ahhhh" and the second one replies, "shut up steve, you're drunk!"
                                                                                                                      did you hear about the guy who got his whole left side cut off? he died instantly.
                                                                                                    teachers call it "going to the bathroom". we call it "i'm bored, i'm gonna go wander around school."
                                                                                                                                                                      yo mama so fat she is overweighted
                                                                                       in art class i was told black was a shade not a color. that must mean black people aren't colored: they're shady.
                                                                                                            waiter there is a spider drowning in my soup ! it hardly looks deep enough to drown in sir !
                                                                                                       there are three types of people in the world. those that are good at math and those that are not.
                                                                                                                    i opened a bottle of wine to let it breathe. it didn't. so i gave it mouth to mouth.
                                                                                                                              how to die with dignity. 1. grab your dignity with your right hand. 2. die
                                                                                                                                                                     your neck. there's an axe for that.
                                                                                                 mrw when i heard about the super fine bros. thing that's going on. [deleted for trademark infringement]
                                                                                                                                    " you drink too much milk.", said the doctor your blood is now milk.
                                                                                                                   what's so good about an ethiopian blow job? you know that she will definitely swallow
                                                                                                         my childhood left me with unreal expectations about how often i would see pies used as weapons.
                                                                                                 if you could have sex with one person you've had sex before.. would it be with your right or left hand?
                                                                                         there's a type of bee that after it stings you, you pass out and it tries to have sex with you. it's a cos-bee.
                                                                                                                                                     date: i like old-fashioned guys me: *dies of polio*
                                                                                                                          how is a hipster like a pedophile? they both get into things before it's cool.
                                                                                                    criminal on the electric chair. the officer asks: any last wishes? the criminal: please hold my hand
                                                                                               what did obama's dad say when his mom wanted anal? well they don't call me "saddamy" hussein for nothing!
                                                                                                                                 if i can pick up your dog with one hand, congratulations you own a cat.
                                                                                                                     i really can't stand listening to dubstep... i guess it just wubs me the wrong way.
                 while climbing barefoot up mountains to meditate, ghandi would squeeze garlic into his mouth to deal with hunger pains from fasting super calloused fragile mystic with extra halitosis
                                                                                                                        my walls are closing in. crawling in my skin my cell walls are closing in? help!
                                                                                                                    dad, was i a cocky teenager? only when you watched baywatch in your pyjam.... daaad!
                                                             wife: you were right. me: say it again. wife: you were right. me: again. wife: you were right. me: one more time. wife: you wer- *wakes up*
                                                                                                                              what do humans and sharks have in common? the great ones are always white.
                                                                                                              did you know paul walker had dandruff? they found his head and shoulders in the glove box.
                                                                                                                                 "taxi" a: hey, man! please call me a taxi. b: yes, sir. you are a taxi.
                                                                                                                                                                in the year 2065, old men will say 'bae'
                                                        emotional wedding i went to a wedding last week. it was very emotional. even the cake was in tiers. (credit to pigoletto on the funny subreddit)
                                                                                                                      some people wouldn't understand irony if it beat them over the head with a helmet.
                                                                                                                                           i workout religiously about once or twice around the holidays
                                                              get ahead at the office by taking work home with you over the weekend. no need to work on it just make sure people see you take it home...
                                                                                                                                    mommy mommy i dont wanna see grandma! mom: shut up and keep digging.
                                                                 if you spend "up to $9000" on my funeral it better be on some kind of mechanism that makes me sit up in the casket when people walk by.
                                                                                                        how do you know you're at a redneck wedding? everybody is sitting on the same side of the church
                                                                                                                                         what is faster, hot or cold? hot, because you can catch a cold.
                                                                                                       breaking news: adrian peterson has been traded to the minnesota twins they needed a switch hitter
                                                                                             sorry for teaching your kids to yell "stranger danger" whenever you tell them they can't have something lol
                                                                                                                                                            i get bi with a little help from my friends.
                                                         a fighter plane mechanic goes to the doctor for his impotence. the doctor examines him and then writes a brief diagnosis. "could not reproduce"
                                                                                                                              what does an italian sound like walking through the rain? dago wop wop wop
                                                                                                                       what's a pirates favorite letter? you'd think it's "r" but it's actually the "c".
                                                                                                                                      have you heard my unemployment joke? yeah, it needs a little work.
                                                                                                        q. how do you confuse a blonde? a. put her in a circular room and tell her to sit in the corner.
                                                                                                                                   why did the jews hate jesus? because he gave away salvation for free.
                                                                       me: i bet you die before you figure out how to text me back. *3 years later* grandma: fuck you bitch. say bye to your inheritance
                                                                                                                                                        what do you call a hispanic gas? cabron dioxide!
                                                            you can just lean against anything, look down at your phone and toggle between your 1st and 2nd page of apps and you'll look pretty popular.
                        a boy was snapping rubber bands on his friends arm he kept doing it in the same spot every second, over and over again until the friend eventually said, "ouch, that one hertz."
                                                            i told my date i was depressed. i added, "not like cut my inner thigh depressed, but sleep with you even though i don't like you depressed."
                                                                                                                                          why did the melon leave her boyfriend? he said he can't elope.
                                                                                                                                                         how do you call a joke that is not funny? lame.
                                                                                                                  why are americans so bad at league of legends? because they can't protect their towers
                                                                      friend 1: i was promoted. friend 2: i got engaged. friend 3: my wife is pregnant again. me: one of my selfies almost got 50 likes.
                                                                        why did the fashion show lose it's attendance? my friend thought it was a strip club. (i'm not good at this, pls don't be harsh)
                                                                                   i thought of you last night while i was doing the dishes. dirty right? yep. that's right. dishes were totally filthy.
                                          did you hear about the plane crash in poland? it was a cessna 2 seater, crashed into a graveyard, the body count is up to 453 and they are still finding more.
                                                                           i like my women how i like my light bulbs... not too bright, easy to turn on and hanging from electrical wire in my basement.
                                                                                       i've been at this elementary school talent show for half an hour and i've already heard "shake it off" 137 times.
                                                                                                          statistics show that 73% of people don't have enough fibre in their diets. ah well, tough shit
                                                         i just had a phone call saying i'd won 250 cash or two tickets to an elvis tribute night. it said press 1 for the money or 2 for the show......
                                                                                                                                             why can't z generationers swim? their phones would get wet.
                                                                                                                            what is harry potters favourite way to get down a hill? walking. jk. rolling
           two police officers. two police officers crash their car into a tree. after a moment of silence, one of them says: "wow, that's got to be the fastest we've ever gotten to an accident site."
                                                                                                                                                                   p is for psychic.... pumpkin squash!!
                                                                                                   sometimes i squirt mayonnaise across my breasts so i don't forget what it's like to have a boyfriend.
                                                                                                                            the existence of groundhog implys the existence of skyhog, treehog, oceanhog
                                                                                                boys, if you don't look like calvin klein models, don't expect us to look like victoria's secret angels.
                                                                                                       how can you tell the difference between a chemist and a plumber ask them to pronounce 'unionized'
                                                                                                                                           two guys are busted stealing a calender the both got 6 months
                                                                                why wouldn't hillary clinton let bill be her it manager? she was too worried how often the servers would go down on him.
                                                                                                                                                         how do you make the reddit front page? (repost)
                                                                                                                                                             if you clone a twin... do you get triplets?
                                                                                                                        i've been dating this girl who works at the zoo. i'm pretty sure she's a keeper.
                                                                                                      i've been debating with myself about masturbating... on one hand it feels great... edit: thanks bo
                                                                                                                                              *goes 100mph in prius *gets pulled over by police cop: how
                                                                                               the amount of new jokes on this sub is ridiculous today. just wait 4 years and they will all be reposted.
                                                                                                                                                      what do you call a british voyeur? a bird-watcher.
                                                                                                                                         what do you call a hoe that you use to stir a fire. an ash hoe.
                                                                                                                                      what does an asian prostitute say to asbestos workers? meso horny.
                                                                                                                                                   what do you call an overpriced castration? a divorce.
                                                                "don't ask, don't tell" is history, but can we at least keep the "don't tell" part around for people who love to talk about being vegan?
                                                                                                                                       how does a mexican wrestler enter a room? through the lucha-door.
                                                                                                                                             what kinds of boobs are popular in the workplace? pos-tits.
                                                                                                                                                                     what rhymes with "hug me"? chutney.
                                                               saw a guy with a barcode tattoo on his neck. scanned it with my redlaser app & he couldn't believe i found him cheaper on 3 online stores
                                                                                                                                                               i quit cold turkey. i just reheat it now.
                                                                                                                                                         energizer bunny arrested. charged with battery.
                                                                      is bill cosby guilty? is bill cosby guilty of all these crimes against women? well, we shall see, cuz the proof is in the pudding!
                                                                                                                   why do ballet dancers always stand on their toes? could they not hire taller dancers?
                                             how many communists does it take to change a light bulb? two. one guy to screw in the light bulb, and the other guy to shoot him if he doesn't do it right.
                                                                                         all i'm saying is if you don't want me to walk into the women's restroom put words not pictures on the doors...
                                                                                                                                                           knock knock. whose their? the grammar police.
                                                                                                                   "i don't know where you're from. but in this country..." "...we're all from america."
                                                             i only star inspirational tweets from 15 year-old white girls, because they've obviously got the deepest insight into the human experience.
                                                                                                    sure the michael jordan underpants are good, but a lot of it is scotty pippen. he defends the balls.
                                                                                         jewish woman why do jewish women only sleep with jewish men? they wont touch anything that isn't 5 percent off.
                                                                                                                                                          what do you call a fishing prostitute a hooker
                                                                                                                                                             what do you call a suicidal cat? curiosity.
                                                                                                                     what's the difference between 9/11 and a cow? you can only milk a cow for 10 years.
                                                                                                   mast jokes:      nice jokes here http://mastjoks.blogspot.in/2013/01/blog-post_6225.html#.uqpwwr-kpkg
                                                                                                  what medical device helps people that are uncomfortable looking at male genitalia? a cockleer implant.
                                                                                                                                           damn girl , are you a tv ?? because you got all eyes on you !
                                                                                                            when i go see my drug dealer, she makes me lay on a couch and talk to her for an hour first.
                                                      knock knock, who's there? "star wars episode iv a new" "star wars episode iv a new who?" "star wars episode iv a new whope" so bad that it's good?
                                                                                                                       why does sean connery have no money and a beard? because he's no good at shaving.
                                                                                                                                        i once saw a slice of toast in a zoo. it was bread in captivity.
                                                                                                                                 what did the hippie say when he was asked to leave the party? "namaste"
                                                                                                                                                                          what do nazis drive? auchwhips
                                                                                                  grandma went to the hospital saying she felt a lump on her breast... turns out it was her belt buckle.
                                                                                                                                                    what is e.t short for? because he's got little legs.
                                                                                             came from my uncle: why is the capitol of ireland growing so fast? because the population is always dublin.
                                                                                                                                     what do you call a woman who's not wearing underwear? a barracuchi.
                                                                                                                              a roman walks into a bar... holds up two fingers and asks for five drinks.
                                                                         every minivan without an honor student bumper sticker should be required to have one that says, "my child is a disappointment."
                                                                                                                                                      i miss my ex but my aim keels improving... one day
                                                                                                                                    hey baby, are you a parking ticket? because i'm not going to pay you
                                                                                                                                                       the best contraceptive for old people is nudity. 
                                                                                                                                                                   why are girls so odd? they can't even
                                                                                                                                   i just fixed somebody's blackberry now all of his emails are currant.
                                                                                                                                      how do you make five pounds of fat look good? put a nipple on it..
                                                                                                                                              never date an aztec woman... they'll rip your heart out :(
                                                                                                      dear rock bands, if i am at your show, assume i am both ready and willing to rock. no need to ask.
                                                                                                                               what do the seattle seahawks and school in july have in common? no class.
                                                                                                                             you know what they say about banging on a camping trip... ...it's in tents!
                                  i need help! so my friend is mormon and he always makes mexican jokes to me and i need something to get him back,so jokesters of reddit. do you know any mormon jokes?
                                                                                                            i would not recommend eating at the new star wars themed restaurant... the burgers are chewy
                                                                                                                                          i used to be embarrassed by my facial hair, but it grew on me.
                                                                                                                                              what is the stupidest animal in the jungle? the polar bear
                                                                                                                                     you could call today "christmas adam" because adam came before eve.
                                                                                                                                       how do you make a faggot have sex with a woman? shit in her cunt.
                                                                                                                           live, laugh, love, dress up like a clown and wander around the woods at night
                                                             my dog has figured out i'm chinese. he totally tried to make a run for it. silly dog, i'm not going to eat you until i train a replacement.
                                                                                                                                                    how do you overcome tyrannical pancakes? u syrup 'em
                                                                                                                                                                      a man walks into a bar... ouch!!!!
                                                                                                                                                              why is cod like women? search and destroy.
                                                                                                                                                                 how do skeletons make a baby? they bone
                                                                                                                 why do computer teachers never get  sick? because an apple a day keeps the doctor away.
                                                                                              i saw the headless horseman riding down the street the othrr day does anyone know where he might beheaded?
                                                                                           "no, mr. bond, i expect you to dye." auric goldfinger giving instructions at his easter egg decorating party.
                                                                                                                                                we trace hands to make turkeys. quite a handy technique.
                                                               my son, 5, scared of the thunder. i told him that was silly considering the sun could explode any day, killing us all. think that helped.
                                                                                                                 what is the difference between a default subreddit mod and a radical feminist? nothing.
                                                                                                                                    i'm in one of those moods that only a virgin sacrifice will appease.
                                                                              i tickled my little brothers foot this morning. and my mom went crazy about it. something about "waiting until he's born".
                                                                                                                                                             if you do not say it, they can't repeat it.
                                                                                                                           what's 6" long, bent to the left, and in the front of my pants?? my iphone 6.
                                                   ha ha a little bit ask his mom for a quarter she said for what he said for being good she said why don't you be good for nothing like your daddy. lol
                                                                have you heard that president assad has been making cheese? he's been getting the kurds out of the whey  (credit to sambo85 - sikipedia)
                                                                                                                   i ejaculated so hard that conspiracy theorists are saying there was a second shooter.
                                                                                                        what do you get when you get in a fight with the los angeles lakers lead point scorer? kobe beef
                                                          new jared sub subway has came out with a new sub this week called the jared sub. it is 37 year old salami sandwiched between 10 year old buns.
                                                                  i don't know, guys. the whole "play dead when a bear attacks" thing sounds suspiciously like something the bears would come up with...
                                                what word starts with f, ends with uck, and people look for it when things get too hot... a fuck. the word is "fuck"... honestly, i lead you right to it
                                                                                                                       some people doubt my memory but i can remember last year as if it were yesterday.
                                                                                                       q: what's the inscription on dead blues-singers tombstones? a: "i didn't wake up this morning..."
                                                                                                           teacher : what's your favourite letter ? student: the letter g. teacher : why is that angus ?
                 my girlfriend broke up with me because i have dandruff and out of shape. my girlfriend broke up with me because i have dandruff and i'm out of shape. i guess i need some conditioning.
                                                                                                                                                star wars really beat me in movies.. rogue one, me zero.
                                                                 too much of my life is spent trying to think of something to write on people's fb walls for their birthday other than "happy birthday!"
                                               have you ever thought about the word racecar and how it's a palindrome? put it backwards and it spells racecar, put it sideways and it kills paul walker.
                                                  not a joke, sorry, but i'm new to this subreddit... does this subreddit actually have 36 million "humorists" or is that a joke? if so, i don't get it.
                                                                 genie: you have three wishes me: make math go away genie: ha ok that one's on the house me: oh so i still get three wishes? genie: huh?
                                                                                                                      i hear ireland's the richest country in the world... its capital is always dublin.
                                                                                                                                                                          "wetalian!" -multiple italians
                                                                                                                               i let ellen drive the bus... pao! atlest she was able to digg our graves.
                                                                                                        the shining is my favorite movie about what can happen when you spend too much time with family.
                                                                                                                                                             what kind of condoms do frogs wear? rib-bed
                                                                           what the rapper's younger brother say when he got hit by his molotov cocktail? "looks like bro's mix tape finally dropped..."
                                                                                                                                                 i would tell you a joke about anal sex... butt fuck it.
                                                                                                                                            what happens when the cows refuse to be milked? udder chaos!
                                                                                                                     bieber fever begins with a rash on your gentials that quickly spreads to the brain.
                                                                                                                                                       what kind of ears does an engine have?  engineers
                                                                                                                                                  wife: you overreact to everything! me: [phones police]
                                            today i was walking past a car filled with black people and they locked the door when i got close. i felt like a badass until i realized that it was my car.
                                                                                                    the good news is that there is baseball in heaven... the bad news is that you're pitching on friday.
                                                                                                  i can't believe they're still using that guy as a subway spokesperson! robert griffen iii is terrible!
                                                                                                                                                                  *hangs a vacant sign on your forehead*
                                                            the only meal my girlfriend ever makes for me is alphabet soup because even when we aren't fighting she still loves to put words in my mouth
                                                                                                                                                     how do indian chiefs send messages? by teepee-mail!
                                                                                                              the fish never seem to bite when i go fishing. i guess i just don't have the right allure.
                                      i put a downward force on the end of a lever arm in hopes to get a cold-cuts sandwich but ended up with a meatball marinara... tl;dr weight a moment, wrong sub...
                                                                                                                                                    alternate title for interstellar [spoiler] ghost dad
                                                           women are supposed to be like butterflies, beautiful and hard to catch... ...but most of you are like mosquitoes, annoying and easy to smash.
                          my son is starting school soon and thinks the other children will pick on him because of his name. i said, "don't be silly, someoneyourownsize, why would anyone pick on you?"
                                                                                                                                                                 what fruit can't get married? cantelope
                                                                                                              a man is alone in a forest with no woman within earshot is everything he says still wrong?
                                                                                                                       some months have 30 days, some months have 31 days. how many have 28 days? all 12
                                                              i heard there was a paedophile roaming my neighbourhood. i don't know who it could be, nearly all of my neighbours are sexy little kids...
                                                                                                     did anyone else go into monsters, inc. thinking it was going to be a movie about a really big sink?
                                                                                                                                                                   "there" - where's waldo? cliffs notes
                                                                                                                      if you are going to use a boat to escape make sure its in water not in water town!
                                                               deer nuts and beer nuts what's the difference between deer nuts and beer nuts? beer nuts are a buck fifty and deer nuts are under a buck.
                                                                                                                saw a tweet about foods to help your sex life. i need sex to help my sex life, not food.
                                                                                                                                          what did the prarie dog coach say to his team? just gopher it.
                                                                                                 [rugby] looks like australia was in trouble there for a while... but in the end they got off scot-free.
                                                                                                                                             what does fabrizio like to put on his sandwiches? mustardo!
                                                                                                                                   who is never hungry at christmas ? the turkey - he's always stuffed !
                                                                               autocorrect changed "killing spree" to "killing soiree" so bring your finest evening attire because murder can be classy.
                                                                  dating in your 30s is like looking for a parking spot... the good ones are all taken. the rest are either handicapped or too far away.
                                                            as a kid i could never understand why my mother would not let me play near the train tracks across the street from my house. then it hit me.
                                                                                                                          what did god say when he created the first black person? "dammit i burnt one!"
                                                           why are boats named after and referred to as women like "ain't she magnificent" because they're both things you can get in and still complain
                                                                                                                                                   why did they arrest the musician? he got into treble.
                                                                                                                                                   don't drink and drive, might hit a bump and spill it.
                                                                                                                                                   i bought perforated paper once it was a total rip off
                                                                                                                               the fridge is a clear example that what really matters is what is inside.
                                                              a guy walks in on his daughter masturbating with a pickle "sick!" he says. "i was going to eat that. now it's going to taste like pickle."
                                                                                                                                         i saved a bunch of money on car insurance by switching genders.
                                                                                                                                    how do dating sites in alabama save money? they link to ancestry.com
                                                                                                                      my brother and i know everything between the two of us. go ahead, ask something...
                                                                                                                                                                  hello 911? yes do you think i'm pretty
                                                                                                                                                   the gop should be like a good hand in bridge no trump
                                                                                                                                          my husband's business is rather up-and-down - he makes yo-yos.
                                                                                                                              numerators can recover the fastest from break-ups. they're always over it.
                                                                                                                                                  do you know any snake jokes? 'cause i serpently don't.
                                                                                                    proof that donald trump is a racist tomorrow he is going to throw a black family out of their house.
                                                                                                                         fyi: i guess the goal of bobbing for apples is not who can drink all the water.
                                                                                                               what's the last thing a tickle-me elmo gets before leaving the factory? two test-tickles!
                                                                                                       i heard england won the super bowl... but what would i know, i'm not a big fan of tennis anyways.
                                                                                                                                                               what does robocop use for fuel? petroleum
                                                                                                                                                    what do caves have? echosystems. from my 9 year-old.
                                                                                                                      the guy who invented predictive text died last night... his funfair is next monkey
                                                                                   relax lady, you can quit giving me dirty evil looks. i don't want my own husband, so i sure as hell don't want yours.
                                                                                        did you know that kraft is building a factory in jerusalem? they're calling the operation cheesus of nazareth...
                                                                                                                                     so my ex-wife is a bird lover... she always wanted a black cockatoo
                                                                             so i'm reading that "twerking" and "selfie" have been added to the dictionary. "future" and "optimism" have been removed...
                                                            1942: how can we beat the nazis? 1968: how can we go to the moon? 2006: how can a phone be a supercomputer? 2016: how can we beat the nazis?
                                  doggy sherlock holmes was investigating a case... doggy sherlock: any leads? doggy watson: yes, holmes. two. doggy sherlock: excellent, lets take them and go walkies.
                                                                                                             hey white people, which filter are we using this year to instagram the pumpkin spice latte?
                                                                                      why doesn't aaron want to get out of the water, even though he is hydrophobic? because he enjoys living in denial.
                                                                                                                                  seeing a guy in skinny jeans and wondering how his balls fit in there.
                                                                                                                       i didn't sign up for the 401k at work, because there's no way i can run that far.
                                                                                       what's the difference between my virginity and the apple airphones? losing my virginity wouldn't cost me as much.
                                                                                                        what did the hurricane say to the palm tree? hold on to your nuts, this is no ordinary blow job.
                                                                                                                               what's the difference between a politician and a flying pig? the letter f
                                                                                                                                       if she wants to be chased, she better steal my pizza or something
                                                                                                                                                              it's election eve, not election and steve!
                                                             whats the difference between seeing a rapist in the daytime and seeing a rapist at night? at night you can only see the eyes and the grill.
                                                                                                                                                        why was the baby elf sad? because he was legolas
                                   mary's doctor told her she was allergic to latex "oh no, i'm so fucked!" she responded, shocked at the news "i'm afraid not." said the doctor as he left with a grin.
                                                                                 a baby seal walks into a bar. the bartender says, "what will you have?" the seals says, "anything but a canadian club."
                                                                                                         kfc has a new hillary meal its comes with two big thighs, two small breasts, and one left wing.
                                                                                                              did you hear about the masturbating chinese brothers? their names were lo shin and ti shoo
                                                                                                                  noah had a younger brother called rick who just built a speedboat and saved 9 cheetahs
                                                                                                                                                                 "there can only be one!" -arab eyebrows
                                                                                                         breaking news from my dog!! there ar small animals outside sometimes, but especially right now.
                                                                                                                                                              why did the chicken cross road? with rice.
                                                              you drunkenly fall into one bathtub with your pants around your ankles, breaking the curtain rod and all of a sudden, everyone is a critic
                                                                                                                                "is that water potable" "i guess if you put it in a bucket or something"
                                                                               did you hear about the dyslexic, agnostic, insomniac? he lay awake in bed all night, wondering if there was really a dog.
                                                                                                 difference between a 14 year old girl and a volvo? i don't have a volvo bound and gagged in my basement
                                                 cows what do you call a cow with no legs? ground beef what do you call a cow with three legs? lean beef what do you call a cow with two legs? your mom.
                                                                                                                                                             what do you do with a dead chemist? barium.
                                                                                           what did one cannibal say to the other cannibal while they were eating a clown? does this taste funny to you?
                                                                                                                          "didn't the kids just have a day off school last month!?!" ~a parent's memoir.
                                                                                                                                                     it seems that all my cans of whoop-ass are expired.
                                                                                           what's easier to load into a garbage truck, babies or bowling balls? babies, because you can use a pitchfork.
                                                                                                                asians are so bad at driving... i'm starting to think pearl harbor was just an accident.
                                                                                                                     what's the speed limit to sex? 68. once you go 69 you have to stop and turn around.
                                                                                                                                    hillary clinton is sick according to doctors... i pneu it all along.
                                                                                                                                    what do you call a sith lord who lives in the woods? darth deciduous
                                                  what is the difference between a broken down bus stop and a crab with breast implants? one is a rusty bus station and the other is a busty crustacean.
                                                                                                                                a priest, a pedophile and a rapist walk into a bar..... he buys a drink.
                                                                                                                                                        how do you reject a french girl? just say neaux.
                                                                                                                                                i think i have a sleeping disorder. it's called children
                                                             the cops just showed up at work & all the workers that have been in trouble before fled. at least that's what i can see from under my desk.
                                                                                        my mom always said i was like a punctuation mark i am an exclamation mark when i should have just been a period.
                                                                                                                                              why did the chihuahua laugh? the cow jumped over the moon.
                                                                                                                  what did the charlie hebdo attackers said after being caught ? "hey , they drew first"
                                                                                                                                         downside to a threesome? you'll disappoint 2 women instead of 1
                                                                         i'm not saying i can perform miracles or anything, but when the taco bell employee isn't looking, i can turn water into sprite.
                                                                                                                                               what kind of movies do scientologists like? cult classics
                                                                                   what did the wife spider say to her husband when he tried to explain why he was late ? your spinning me a yarn here !
                                                                                                                               what's something a kangaroo has that no other animal has? baby kangaroos.
                                                                                          i'll tell you what's wrong with modern society. nobody ever drinks out of the skulls of their enemies anymore.
                                                                                                                   what do karl marx and the founder of linux have in common? both of them hate classes.
                                                                                                                                         i like to go fishing from time to time... just for the halibut.
                                                                                                                        what's the best gift you can buy at christmas? a broken drum, you can't beat it.
                                a lot of people make a big deal about age differences in couples. as far as i'm concerned a girl is fair game as soon as she's finished school. so usually at about 3:15
                                                                                                                                          i love meeting new people. meating. i love meating new people.
                                                                                                                  a guy walks into a bar and takes a seat... the bartender yells, "hey, give that back!"
                                                                                           turns out the guy i tipped is not the men's room attendant & now i really just want to get this bj over with.
                                                                                                                                  have you heard the joke about the bed? no. it hasn't been made up yet!
                                                                                        what's the difference between a garbanzo and a chickpea? i've never paid 50 bucks to have a garbanzo on my face.
                                                                                                                                                         "superman's dad" is the last stop for an actor.
                                                                            i just got back from my friend's funeral. he died after being hit on the head with a tennis ball... it was a lovely service.
                                                                                                                                          my friend was telling animal puns i thought they were boaring.
                                                                                                            i was bit by a rattlesnake last summer. after three days of excruciating pain the snake died
                                                                                                          olive oil what's the difference between virgin olive oil and regular olive oil? popeye's cock.
                                                                                                                                     why don't jewish cannibals like eating germans? they give them gas.
                                                                              him: isn't wintertime just so romantic me (smiles & my lips crack open & blood starts pouring down my chin): oh definitely
                                                                                                                       to be honest, i panic a bit right before i have to pronounce worcestershire sauce
                                                                                                                                              what's kermit the frog's favorite song? "whib it" by devo.
                                                                                    i can't stop coughing. think i'll go see a movie in a crowded theater while slowly eating a bag of bone-dry popcorn.
                                                                                                                                                         nice try, black horses not named shaneighneigh.
                                                                                                                                                         are you christmas, because i want to merry you.
                                                                                                              you can lead a horse to water and if he walks on it congratulations you found horse jesus.
 patrick and bruce patrick bateman and bruce wayne are having a business lunch together. suddenly, bruce senses something is wrong, and looks at his watch. "sorry to be so rude, but i've got to bale".
                                                                                                            why did bernie sanders's chicken restaurant throw out so much food? he only sold left wings.
                                                                                                                       what do an eagle and a broom have in common? they both fly but the broom doesn't.
                                                                                                                                       what do the letters dna stand for ? national dyslexic association
                                                                                                              when people are kissing in public, it's weird how angry they get when you try and join in.
                                                                                       what did kim say when she found an armpit hair in her margarine container? ... i can't believe it's not butt-hair
                                             so, history isn't that boring? the history professor asked his student keaton, "have you read marx? keaton: "yes sir. i think it's from the wicker chairs."
                                                                                                              people out there are trying to contact the dead and you're telling me you can't text back?
                                                                                                    my german plumber accidentally hooked up my gas line to my shower... looks like old habits die hard.
                                                                                                                                        what sound does korean bread make when it hits a wall? bang! (!)
                                                                                                        so a lady walks into a bar and orders a double entendre... ...and the bartender gives it to her.
                                                                                         what do you call a mustard that keeps remembering things that haven't happened yet? dijon-vu mustard... (sorry)
                                                                                                                             hello? yes, this is the chair store calling, are you sitting down? no? well
                                                                                     arnold schwarzenegger was asked if he wanted to upgrade to windows 7.. his response was "i still love vista, baby!"
                                                                                     the hardest thing about working in a restaurant is that your throat is always dry from spitting in everyone's food.
                                               my friend recently broke up with his girlfriend... i said "there's plenty of fish in the sea." and he replied "yeah, but it's not just the smell i miss."
                                                                                                                               why did the chicken cross the road? to get the chinese newspaper. get it?
                                                                                                                                                                         is yoda's last name lay-he-hoo?
                                                                                                                                         i didn't like my beard at first.. then it started to grow on me
                                                              i admit opening an alligator petting zoo was not the best idea, but i told the kids to be careful so there's plenty of blame to go around.
                                                                                         if i had a dollar for everyone i work with who's dumber than me, i'd have $11 cause i work for a small company.
                                                                      today's 3-year-olds can unlock the smartphone and launch favorite app or music player. what did i do in my 3-year-old? i ate sand.
                                                                                                                                                                   gay jokes aren't funny cum on guys...
                                                                                                                             whats better then a gold medal in the special olympics? not being retarded.
                                                              take 1/5th the $ car insurance companies spend on advertising, apply it to health care, and everyone can have golden organs and never die.
                                                                                                                                                                     be the reason they create new laws.
                                                                                                                i recently came into a very large sum of money so they fired me from my job at the bank.
                                                                                                                                            mispronouncing french phrases can be a real social fox piss.
                                                              as i was looking at some apartments i saw a parking area with the sign,"tenant parking." but what happens if there are more than ten ants?
                                                                                                 sometimes i wonder how people who don't have kids get their tv remotes from the other side of the room.
                                                                                                                         what do you call an asian who hates black people? a member of the kru krux kran
                                                                                                                                 what do you call an englishmam in the euro championship final a referee
                                                                                                                   what did mr. cena's fiancee say on their wedding day? no, john! *you* can't see *me!*
                                                                                                                                               confucius say.. man who farts in church, sits in own pew.
                                                                                                                             turns out i'm addicted to refigerated poultry. i've gotta quit cold turkey.
                                                             why are the mountains in switzerland called "the alps"? because when people fall off of 'em, they yell aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaallllllpppp!!!!!!!!
                                                                                                                       i spent 8 hours on my math book yesterday gotta admit , i slept pretty peacefully
                                                                                               i'm glad we evolved from apes. if we evolved from chameleons, we'd constantly be walking into each other.
                                                                                     i hope i don't have to face rich french renaissance citizens as enemies in video games. they would be overpowdered.
                                                                                               i don't know who this rorschach guy is but..... why does he keep drawing pictures of my parents fighting?
                                                                                        i was yelled at after church today, apparently "jeez and crackers" is not an appropriate name for the eucharist.
                                                                                                                 what's the difference between harry potter and a jew? harry potter escaped the chamber.
                                                                                                                                                                    archimedes principle floats my boat.
                                                                                                                                                             what do you call a chica on the go? chicago
                                                                                                                  [in the gym] hey guys it'd be a lot easier to lift these weights if we worked together
                                                                                                                i'm not calling you a slut, but if you had a password for your vagina it would be "1234"
                                                                                                                                                      how much does a truck made of light weigh? photons
                                                                                                                                     doctor... can i bathe with diarrhea? hmm, yes if you shit enough...
                                                              when i was done filling my tank, a little bit of gas leaked out of the nozzle onto the ground. i actually felt my peener nod with empathy.
                                                                                  did you hear about this new website which will have lots of info about penises they are planning to call it dickipedia
                                                                                                                                   yo momma so fat... yo momma so fat, i crashed into her for 15 minutes
                                                                             who can make more money in a week, a drug dealer or a prostitute? the prostitute because she can wash and resell her crack.
                                                                                                  a cop pulled me over and said ''papers...'' so i said, ''scissors, i win!'' and drove off like a boss!
                                                                                                                                          sorry i threw rice at the coffin. i don't get invited to much.
                                                                                                   day 2 it's been two days since i've been on reddit, hopefully i have the strength to..... god damnit!
                                         a black guy walks into a bar with a parrot on his shoulder the bartender says, "hey, that thing is cool! where did you get him?" the parrot replies, "detroit".
                                                                                                                                           i drink every time i tell a bad joke. hey, it's worth a shot.
                                                                                    why shouldn't you put extra lettuce on your blt? because then you won't be able to fit into your b-e-l-t! killme.jpg
                                                                                                                     sarah jessica parker walks into a bar... and the bartender goes "why the long face"
                                                                                                                           if i got $1 every time somebody called me a racist black people would rob me.
                                                                                                                              a painting was arrested... it cried out "i've been framed! don't hang me!"
                                                                                                                                                         schrodinger's cat walks into a bar and doesn't.
                                                                                                                                  why did the scarecrow get a promotion he was outstanding in his field.
                                                                                                      weird how my first 11 coffees tasted like coffee but the 12th one tastes like i'm having a stroke.
                                                                                    did you ever see a country boy in new  york whistle for a cab? he puts two fingers in his mouth and hollers  "taxi!"
                                                              when i was young i used to pray for a bike, then i realized that god doesn't work that way, so i stole a bike and prayed  for forgiveness.
                                                                                                                          why did the vampire attack the clown? he wanted the circus to be in his blood.
                                                                                                                                i don't think it's nice to make fun of schizophrenics. and neither do i.
                                                i've just had to take the batteries out of the carbon monoxide alarm the loud beeping was giving me a headache and i was starting to feel sick and dizzy
                                                                                                                                                              osama bin laden should have hid in myspace
                                                                                             how is eating a girl out like being a member of the mafia? one slip of the tongue, and you're in deep shit!
                                                              i like to put my passengers as ease by pointing out where all the airbags are. ending the safety message with "just in case i crash again"
                                                                                                                                                    if i die, tell them to reconstruct me from sock dna.
                                                                                                                           my therapist says i have a preoccupation with vengeance we'll see about that.
                                             did i tell you about the time i was going down on my grandmother? all i could taste was horse semen... so i thought to myself, "this must be how she died!"
                                               my wife asked me why i carry a gun around the house. "to fight the decepticons," i said. she laughed. i laughed. the toaster laughed. i shot the toaster.
                                                                                                            why does pooping get more intense while you're listening to music? because it's logarythmic.
                                                                                                                                      what'd the man with 5 penises say..? these pants fit like a glove!
                                                               the best part of being a girl is not having to open doors. if i approach a door and a guy isn't there i just take a nap til one shows up.
                                                                                                                      the girl i like checked me out today. i gave her money, and she gave me groceries.
                                                                                                                                                               what do you call a knighted cow? sir loin
                                                                                                                                                  ok, i'm finally off dairy. next is sugar, then heroin.
                                                                                       my doctor told me that i have adhd but when i got home and checked, i still only have basic cable. lying bastard!
                                                                                                                          why doesn't bill cosby like women's flip flops? ...because he can't lace them.
                                                                                                               where my introverts at? [a few people shuffle their feet & pretend to check their phones]
                                                                                                           what did shakespeare say when asked how his wife keeps things interesting? "anne hath a way."
                                                                                                                                                      why don't cannibals like clowns? they taste funny!
                                                                                                                                      you put the punchline in the title wanna know how to spoil a joke?
                                  "if you woke up with your pants at your ankles and your ass covered in vasoline, would you tell anybody?" guy #2: "no." guy #1: "just wondering.... wanna go camping?"
                                                                                                                                  why are lesbian prostitutes so wealthy? they make money hand over fist
                                                              *beep tsa: here try again *beep tsa: here try again *beep tsa: here try again me: wtf? tsa: sorry dude it was my watch. here's your pants.
                                                                                                                                       why did the gamer refuse to join the boy scouts? he hates camping
                                                                         girlfriend: why is this broom broken? did you draw a lightning bolt on the cat? are you writing with a feather? me: muggles....
                                                                                                                              what is red, slimy and crawls up your leg? an abortion with home sickness.
                     a talking penguin walked into a bar and the bar tender said: "hey, we don't usually get a lot of talking penguins." and the penguin responded: "well, no wonder - at these prices!"
                                                                                 an astronaut squirrel, a snail that meows, crab with a whale as a daughter. dear creators of spongebob, pass the drugs.
                                                                                                           true friendship is when you walk into someone's house, and your wifi connects automatically..
                                                                                               did you know that the word "gullible" cannot even be found in the dictionary? the truth hurts doesn't it?
                                                                                                                     what's the difference between roast beef and pea green soup? anyone can roast beef.
                                                                                             i was going to buy my friend a bottle of water for christmas. and then i realized, that would be tasteless.
                                 to all the "i'm moving to canada" people out there, you're being ridiculous. you won't be far enough to escape the nuclear fallout. shoot for new zealand or australia.
                                                             fired? but i just started! how could i have known we don't do casual fridays here? fine. direct your own goddamn funeral. *flip-flops away*
                                                                                                                                             "contact us" oh yeah, i'm gonna contact the shit out of you
                                                                                                                                                       what do geeks and nerds love but cant have? 80085
                                                                                                                bill cosby's new t.v. show premier's next month, "rape victims say the darndest things!"
                                                                                                                                                 what job can you see yourself doing? inspecting mirrors
                                                                                                                     i accidentally dumped white flour on my black labrador... ...now she's a greyhound.
                                                                                                                                                               three seals walk into a club... martyrdom
                                                                                                     i'm so hipster... i wear modern clothes before anybody in the future wears them as hipster fashion.
                                                                                                              hey, companies. no one has their confirmation number. you're the company, you do the work.
                                                                                                                           the 2017 forecast just came in looks like reign with a slight chance of heil.
                                                                                     what do you get when you cross a mountain-climber with a mosquito? nothing, you can't cross a scaler with a vector.
                                                                                                                            maybe hitler started wwii after being constantly attacked by time travelers.
                                                                   i do this amazing trick where i can erase every restaurant from your memory. ready? ok, here goes... "where should we go for dinner?"
                                                                                                                                                                  an irish man walks out of a bar hahaha
         a man goes to the doctor and says "doctor, my farts sound like a motorbike" doctor says "you have an abscess" man says "how do you know?" doctor says "because abscess makes the fart go honda"
                                                                                                                             why can't you email a picture to a jedi? because attachments are forbidden.
                                                                                                  if you are getting the names jon and john confused call them by their full names, jonaldo and johnaldo
                                                                i recently got a tattoo with chinese symbols that reads, "i don't know. i don't speak chinese." then when people ask me what it means...
                                                                             i was told that tipping your server is normal in america but apparently this will get you fired as a systems administrator.
                                                                                                                         my inability to pronounce spanish names makes me sad, and i'm not even jaoquin.
                                                                                                                                                       why did hitler kill himself? he saw the gas bill.
                                                               [red lobster] waiter: we're offering endless shrimp. me: bring me the endless shrimp <5 days later> waiter: please leave, i have a family
                                                                                                                             two smut writers get together... that night there was a lot of fanfriction.
                                                                                                                                                two reposters are in a plane crush. who survives? reddit
                                                                                   the poster for a homeless shelter's charity orchestra night reads... come on down to the shelter and blow some oboes!
                                                                                                                                                 every function without you will always be void of love.
                                                                            two eggs and a strip of bacon walk into a bar the bartender looks at them and says, "sorry - we don't serve breakfast here."
                                                         what's the difference between george washington and nicki minaj? [nicki minaj never owned slaves.](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gr1p4ktgoxc)
                                                                            why can't you tell puns to a kleptomaniac? because they take everything literally (p.s. you can steal this joke if you want)
                                                                    movies lesson #5: very few people die while trying to get from one hotel room to another using the ledge outside, so give it a shot.
                                                                                                      "she's so hot. but she had, like, no mascara on. it's a no go for me." -dudes, according to ladies
                                                                                                                                   i told my grandpa he should wear his hearing aids but he won't listen
                                                                                                                                                i hear you are what you eat must be why i'm such a child
                                                                                                                                      what joke is the darkest? fire away please! i want to hear it all!
                                                                                                                                                    who really appreciates a good fisting? a sock puppy.
                                                                                                                       life is like a box of chocolates .... ... it doesn't last as long for fat people.
                                                                                                                                                      what's the highest story of any building? floor 20
                                                               what an age we live in... ... when a family of billionaires moves into government subsidized housing previously occupied by black people.
                                     a comedian, a rapist, and the president of the united states are in an elevator .. and then barack says to the other guy "always liked you most in the cosby show".
                                                                 me: i'll write u a haiku! her: i'm just impressed u know how to spell haiku. me: *deletes "how to spell high-koo" from browser history*
          my sex change from male to female my sex change operation from male to female went really well yesterday. it was so successful, i'm still trying to reverse out the fucking hospital car park!
                                                                         some nights i stare at the stars wondering if you can see the same ones then i realize, of course you can, i'm in your backyard
                                   a rock flying through the hemisphere is called an asteroid. a lump on your ass is called a hemorrhoid...... if you think  of it,shouldn't it be the other way around?
                                                                                                     'jesus loves you' means one thing in general society. and something completely different in prison.
                                                                                                                                                  what goes into the mouth of a quarter horse? two bits!
                                  would you rather...? would you rather have fucked a goat but nobody knows, or everyone thinks you fucked a goat but you didnt and there's no way to change their mind?
                                                                                                                                              cum on guys... we seriously need to stop making gay jokes.
                                                                                                                              why didnt the toilet paper cross the road? because it was stuck in a crack
                                                                                                             4 stages of a relationship: 1) hand in hand 2) that in hand 3) hand in that 4) that in that
                                                                                                                                                   you know what forest gumps wifi password is? 1forest1
                                                                                                                                   what's the award for being the world's best dentist? a little plaque.
                                                 olympic results for sailing are out: the british have taken the gold medal. the french have taken the silver medal. the somalians have taken the boats.
                                                                                                how is a 9 volt battery similar to an anus? you know you shouldn't, but eventually you're gunna lick it.
                                                                                                                                                             left-handed people can't do anything right.
                                                                                                              it's just sad how often i see zookeepers breaking their own "don't feed the animals" rule.
                                                                so a horse walks into a bar. the bartender asks him what he wants. the horse unable to understand english, shits on the floor and leaves
                                                                                                                                         what's yellow and goes around? a banana in the washing machine.
                                                                                                                                                where do baby ghosts go during the day? dayscare centers
                                                                                          what did the boy with no hands get for a christmas present? gloves.... just kidding he hasn't got into it yet.
                                                                                                                                             how do you get a one armed polack out of a tree? wave hello
                                                                                          i was reading a newspaper, and the headline said,"america is without a leader!" i said,"that's unpresidented!"
                                                                                                                         why did i go to the dentist at an indian reservation? to get some sioux veneers
                                                                                     how much would you have to pay a teacher to flunk your kid so he has to go to summer school? just planning ahead...
                                                                                                                                            i could never commit suicide i just couldn't live with it...
                                                                                                                                why is there no "lets settle this like women"? because it lasts forever.
                                                                                        role playing is fun, but i'm starting to wonder why my girlfriend will only let me dress up as my brother randy.
                                                                                                                                                       what do you call a blasian? a criminal mastermind
                                                                   i live in a bizarre future where a featureless black slab suddenly starts glowing in order to inform me that the world likes my jokes
                                                                                                                 the guy in charge of namimg the bagpipes definitly just took one look at it and gave up
                                         nsfw men are like a deck of cards... you need a heart to love him, a diamond to marry him, a club to smash his fucking face in and a spade to bury the bastard!
                                                                                                         doggy diet book did you hear about the new doggy diet book? it is titled "shitzu shouldn't eat"
                                                          good parents a mother said to her son, "look at that kid over there; he's not misbehaving." the son replied, "maybe he has good parents then!"
                                                                 pat sajak and alex trebek are scaling down a mountain with a group of hikers. however, one of the safety clips snap. who's in jeopardy?
                                                                                                                      8yo: mommy how old are you? me: 46 8yo: *blink blink* so you seen a real dinosaur?
                                                                                                my mind's telling me "no!" but my body, my body's telling me "there's that chicken salad in the fridge."
                                                                                                            bad news guys. the 1st person who ever typed "lol" into a keyboard just died of double aids.
                                                                          i don't know how i feel about masturbation anymore... on one hand, it's pretty good. on the other hand, it's a little awkward.
                                                                                                                                   why can't you fool an aborted baby? because it wasn't born yesterday.
                                                                                                            a bird gets hit and killed by a baseball the umpire and coroner agreed to call it foul play.
                                                                                                                                                         i'm old enough to remember being the tv remote.
                                                                                                     what's the difference between love, true love, and showing off? spitting, swallowing, and gargling.
                                                             jamie oliver says there's "nothin worse in the world than an undercooked green bean" i'll go out on a limb & say he doesn't watch the news.
                                                                                                                                                              two mods are standing in a field [deleted]
                                                                                                                                         what do you call an all you can eat pizza buffet? carb blanche!
                                                                                        i hate it when i think i'm buying organic vegetables but when i get home i discover they're just regular donuts.
                                                                                                              what happens when you inject human dna into a goat? you get kicked out of the petting zoo.
                                                                                                              football joke how do you keep the st. louis rams off of your lawn? paint an endzone on it.
                                                                     i think i'll test to see if my husband is checking my browser history by searching "how to tell if your baby is black in the womb."
                                                                                                    nesta carter was asked how he felt after winning a gold medal alongside usain bolt. "that was dope!"
                                                                                                                 there is a new barbie doll on the market - medusa barbie ...barbie with snakes for hair
                                                                                                                                                          what has two holes and smells a lot? your nose
                                                                                                         heard this one at the bar last night: women are good for 70 things... making sandwiches and 69.
                                                                                                        a woman is suing disney claiming that frozen is based on her life. she sounds like a cold bitch.
                                                                                                                                              what did saitama draw with a pen and a ruler one punchline
                                                                                                 getting married is easy, staying married is hard. just ask my girlfriend, her husband drives her crazy.
                                                                             i wonder what tsa would do if i brought a block of ice through airport security. my physics teacher said it's not a liquid.
                                                                                   do you know how rihanna can tell when chris has been cheating on her? he has someone else's lipstick on his knuckles.
                                                                                                                                 my x had a nikon breast implant she called it her photographic mammary.
                                                                                                                             how do you get down off of an elephant? you dont. you get down off a goose.
                                                                                                                                                what's the best way to search a linen store? undercover.
                                                                                                                                                                 1987 was a great year for the payphone.
                                                                                                                                                                   my wife left me *sobs uncontrollably*
                                                                 *hello this is your pilot speaking, we still have about 9 hours in the air so let me entertain you folks reading you some of my tweets*
           a bear and a rabbit are pooping next to each other. the bears asks: "does your fur stick to the poop?" the rabbit replied with: "of course not." then the bear wipes his ass with the rabbit.
                                                                                                                                                       procrastination is a dish best served eventually.
                                                                                      did you hear about the dyslexic agnostic insomniac..? he lay awake at night wondering if there really was a dog...
                                                                                                                                 there should be a sequel song about needing a ride back from funkytown.
                                                            house hunters: "we want a slide, cheeseburgers, a clown." realtor: are you describing mcdonalds? "haha no" *3 kids tumble out of trenchcoat*
                                     sometimes, when i wake up in the morning, i'll read 4 or 5 status updates and i'll cry, because they suck and i realize that i've wasted 2 or 3 minutes of my life.
                                                                                                                                                               how does a viola greet a relative? cello!
                                                                                                                                                           what's a baby's favorite type of tea? tit-tea
                                                            you're nice, cute & single? can you introduce me to your friend who looks like he'd never return my texts? yeah the one with the girlfriend.
                                                            geek booty call... fan fiction you're totally fan-fic worthy. i think someone's about to make an appearance in kirk's quarters next chapter.
                                                                                                                   last man on earth star will fortes wife just gave birth a a girl.. they named her kia
                                                                                                what's the difference between michael jackson and disney movies? disney movies can still touch children.
                                                                                                                            the revenant: how do you call a scalped leonardo dicaprio? leonardo dicabrio
                                                                                                                                                     jared bogle always trying to get into smaller pants
                                             ladies... if you want guys at the bar to leave you alone don't tell them you have a boyfriend cause men don't care about  that. tell them you have a p*nis.
                                                                                                                                     what do you do if your computer hums? tell it to change its socsks!
                                                                                      "i object!!!" the defendant screams in court. the judge gives him a very emotional hug and says "no... you human".
                                                                                                                                   i've just been offered 8 legs of venison for 25 i think it's too deer
                                                                                                                                         what did the sadist say when the masochist said "hit me"? "no."
                  i see the joke your dad told you, and raise you my dads dumb ass joke what's the difference between beer nuts and deer nuts? beer nuts are a dollar fifty, deer nuts are under a buck!
                                                                                                      what did the snake priest say to the snake groom after the marriage? you may now "hiss" the bride.
                                                                                                  gf: why have you been googling 'can you milk a hamster' me: *wipes milk from mouth* it was for a tweet
                                                                                     q: how many cancerians does it take to change a lightbulb? a: just one and they'll use a non-disposable diaper too!
                                                                                        looking to find a way to say "i'm not mad at you" without actual human communication? try a facebook like today!
                                                                                                                                                            what can't you call a black priest father...
                                                                               a man walks out of a toilet cubicle with semen coming out both sides of his mouth, what do you know? the floors are level
                                                             ayn rand, rand paul, and paul ryan walk into a bar... the bartender serves them tainted alcohol because there are no regulations. they die.
                                                                                              [dinner party] *removing myself from table* excuse me, i have to take this. *picks up host's dog* *leaves*
       breaking news: nasa announces mars rover discovered new feline-like life form on the red planet unfortunately, it ran over the newly discovered creature. yes, it seems curiosity killed the cat.
                                                                                                    so this cargo of brain transplants went missing and... uh... ... ah shit... lost my train of thought
                                                                                                                                    roses are red, violets are blue... "gorilla shot at cincinnati zoo."
                                                                                                                             why did the nsa worker have to stay in russia? he was snowed in(snowden) ;)
                                                                                                                     who did the crocodiles call when they found one of their own dead? the investigator
                                                                                                                            my girlfriend's vagina is like a tesco shopping trolley it takes a pound in.
                                                                                                                                                       what do you call a horny priest? a firm believer.
                                                                                    so there are these two hats on a rack... one of them says to the other, "you go on a head, i'm just gonna hang here"
      a man walks into a chemists "hi, i'd like some viagra please" asks the man. "i'm sorry" says the pharmacist. "you can't get that over the counter." "you can if you take enough." replies the man.
                                                                                                                                   knock knock who's there ! bella ! bella who ? bella bottom trousers !
                                                                                                                                                      what's red, white, and black all over? a newspaper
                                                                                                                                 a good book is like a good puppy. easy to pick up but hard to put down.
                                                                                                                        til of a soccer player that is never invited to any parties he is just too messi
                                                                                           just saved a bunch of money on my glenn from the walking dead halloween costume by not showering for a month.
                                                                                                                  what do you call it when someone shoots a group of fish in a barrel? a school shooting
                                                                                             let us not judge a man based on the color of his skin, but by which character he picks in super smash bros.
                                                                                                                                               a trip to the barbers... that'll put hairs on your chest.
                                                                                                                                 what did the german policeman say to his nipples? you are under a vest!
                                                                                                                                                     what does the last man on earth watch on tv? reruns
                    got told this at work today all the guys thought it was funny and so thought ii'dput it to the vote? what's the best part about having a hooker die on you? the second hour is free.
                                                                                      what does a girl from arkansas say just before she loses her virginity? "careful, dad, or you'll crush my smokes."
                                                                                                                                          in iraq are kraft foods discount coupons known as kraft dinar?
                                                                                                                                        hey girl, are you an orphanage? because i want to give you kids.
                                                                                                        i lifted my hands up in the air and waved them like i just didn't care..... ceiling fan: 6 me: 0
                                                                       cop: what is your line of business? me [mumbling]: treason stuff. cop: louder for the microphone. me: trees 'n' stuff. gardening.
                                                                                                                                      what's blue and doesn't fit? an epileptic at the bottom of a pool.
                                                                                                                                                 a website where low life fat virgins go. www.reddit.com
                                                                                                                       how do you keep a group of women from talking? ask the oldest one to speak first.
                                                                                                              the last four digits of you're credit card are: 8905 so, who just got a mini heart attack?
                                                                                                             whats the difference between an irish party and an irish funeral? one less drunken irishman
                                                                                            did you here about the guy who turned to scientologists to escape his past? out with xeold, in with xenu! :p
                                                                                                  i recently stopped sending monthly payments to my exorcist... because of that my house was repossessed
                                                                                                                   what do you call cheese thats not yours. someone elses cheese. what else would it be.
                                                                                what does a burnt pizza, a frozen beer and a pregnant girlfriend have in common? one dumbass who never pulls out in time
                                                                                                                        what is a female hockey player's most vivid memory? her first period on the ice.
                                                                                                             what if all countries have ninjas, and we only know about the asian ones because they suck?
                                                   would you rather have parkinsons or alzheimers? personally i'd rather have parkinsons, cos i'd rather have half a pint than forget where i've put it!
                                                                                                                                         what do you call a bread that catches a cold? flu-catcher bread
                                                                                                                            i think my coworkers are gay every time i walk by, they mumble "what an ass"
                                      my grandmother got my grandfather new pants and i asked him how they fit. he said, "like a cheap castle." i said i was confused. he then explained, "no ballroom."
                                                                                             i'll try this here. let's all come up with a joke, line by line... one person starts, the next adds a line.
                                                                                                              two snowmen are standing in a field one snowman says to the other, "do you smell carrots?"
                                                                  madonna fell while performing at a show yesterday. when asked about it, she said... "all that time on my back reminded me of the 80's"
                                                                                                                       if hilary and trump were to be stranded on an island, who would survive? america.
                                                                                            i like how when you pull down on a paper towel dispenser you either get half a paper towel or half the roll.
                                                                                                                              what do you call a mutant with the power to get women pregnant impregneato
                                                              [alligator store] clerk: $1500. thanks me: not gonna say bye to him? clerk: uh me: say it clerk: goodbye me: say "see you later alligator"
                                                                                                                                                        moses was computer savvy.. ..he had two tablets!
                                                                                    one day, my mother barged into my room and screamed, "turn off that gangsta rap music!" i was listening to lecrae...
                                                                                                                                                                   virginia wolf more like virginia woof
                                                                                                          why is wintertime love making in scandinavia dangerous? your tongue might get stuck to a pole.
                                                                                                                       why do terrorists hate air planes made of water? because they hate waterboarding.
                                                                                                                            have you seen the movie, constipated? of course not. it hasn't came out, yet
                                                                                                                                          give me five hundred good reasons you think i'm too demanding.
                                                                                                                           hey baby, there's an overflowexception in my pants, care to handle it for me?
                                                                                                                             i lost a good friend today, he asked me to pick up some non-alcoholic beer.
                                                                                                                                   life without you is like a broken pencil doesn't fucking matter to me
                                                                                                                                  what do you call a model flying an airplane full of animals? zoolander
                           christmas presents i told my girlfriend that every time we had sex i would add a dollar to how much i would spend on her christmas present, so far she's getting a mcchicken.
                                                             statistics say that 1/3 of people cheat in their relationships which got me thinking, is it my wife or is it my girlfriend who is cheating?
                                                                           my 6-year-old walked into the room and said, "don't worry, dad. i'm ok." time to search the house for whatever she destroyed.
                                                                                                                                                            what do you call a boat with a hole? a sink.
                                                                                      how many feminists does it take to screw in a light bulb? just 1. it's offensive that you thought this was a joke.
                                                                                                                                                   i met a girl with 12 nipples. sounds funny, dozen tit
                                                                                                                                                            what did the programmer call his ship? sea++
                                                                                                                                               what did the ents yell as they attacked isengard? ambush.
                                                                                                                                 not sure if my cooking skills have improved or taste buds have adapted.
                                                                                                                                                   why can't obama dance? cause he has two leftist feet.
                                                                                                 what's the difference between karate and judo? karate is a martial art and judo is used to make bagels.
                                                                                                                                 what do you call a balloon animal made out of a condom? a trojan horse.
                                                              what did the kleptomaniacal compulsive liar say when his beekeeper friend asked him what he was running away with? "none of your beeswax!"
                                                                      [first date] me: i'm having a great time her: i'm not me: *peeking out from my pillow fort* i don't even let my dog in here, janet
                                                                                 my mom used to make sure we were wearing our seatbelts in the back seat by slamming on the brakes. she was a kind soul.
                                                                                                                                    what came first the chicken or the egg? the chicken, eggs don't cum.
                                                                                                                                                   what do you call two lesbian dinosaurs? lickalotypus.
                                                                                                                                         suicide: mans way of telling god - "you can't fire me, i quit".
                                                                                                                                       you call it reckless driving, i call it searching for my lighter.
                                                                                 before my girlfriend moved in i always had one night stand now that things are getting serious we have two night stands
                                                   i'll have you know that my penis was once in the guinness book of world records... but then the librarian yelled at me and made me leave the library.
                                                             interviewer:how good are your public speaking skills? me:*from behind a tall plant in the office, i throw a piece of paper saying 'decent'*
                                                                                                                                      how many roadies does it take to change a lightbulb? two, two, two
                                                                                                                                     what do you get ...when you cross a joke and a rhetorical question?
                                                                                                                                                                what do elephants use for tampons? sheep
                                                                                                                    i once shot an unarmed man well i was the one to shoot of both his arms but still...
                                                                  i once met an asian with excellent grammar... so i said, "wow, your grammar is so good!" and they replied, "no.....my grandma's dead."
                                                                                                                                  a man and a fortune teller make a compromise and reach a happy medium.
                                                                                                            what did the seamen say to his friend? it was a long road, but i ended up coming out a head.
                                                             me: i want to travel to the victorian era & meet a real gentleman [takes time machine back to 1860 england] man: 31? what are u my grandma?
                    two nuns went on a bike ride... ...and one says to the other, as they turn down a side street "i've never come this way before!" and the other replies "yes! it's the cobblestones!"
                                                                                                                                                      what tense do italians speak in? pasta continuous.
                                                                                         define marriage: it's a way through which two people join together to solve the problems they never had before.
                                                                                                                     i don't want to seem desperate, so i always wait at least 3 days before i call 911.
                                                                                                                               why is kim jong un like todays music? they both ain't got the same seoul.
                                what's the difference between neil armstrong and michael jackson? neil armstrong was the first man to walk on the moon... and michael jackson liked to rape little boys.
                                                                             if you're wondering what all these scratches on my chest are from, it's because my cat hates to get in the hot tub with me.
                                                                                                                               q: what do the bathroom doors at the funeral home say? a: his and hearse.
                                                                                                                                         what concert only costs 45 cents? 50 cent featuring nickelback.
                                                                                                                     what kind of martial art does a chef do? kung food (don't hurt me, i know it's bad)
                                                                                                                                           someone stole my mood ring. i don't know how i feel about it.
                                                                what's the difference between a slave owner and bernie sanders the slave owner's dick works note: the slave owner has a slave named dick
                                                                                                                                  i like my women like i like my coffee... ground up and in the freezer.
                                                                                                                                                         close the door, you're letting all the wifi out
          my girlfriend became depressed because she thought she was a failure and was letting me down. encouragingly, i told her, "if at first you don't succeed, keep sucking until you do suck seed."
                                                                                                                         harambe memes died just like harambe himself... when the little kids jumped in.
                                                                                                just before a subway employee starts making my sandwich, i'll stop them and whisper, "like you mean it."
                                                                      it's impossible to embarrass me because once the door opens on you while you're pooping on an amtrak train, you become untouchable
                                                                                                                                          what is the most awkward name a gay person can have? christian
                                                                                                                      when dealing with women, you can either be right or get laid. you can't have both.
                                                                                                                                          how do you circumcise a hillbilly? kick his sister in the jaw.
                                                                                                                               crazy ex-girlfriends are like a box of chocolates, they'll kill your dog.
                                                                                                                                                            what video game does hitler play? mein craft
                                                                                                                                                                  what does a scottish cat say? mee yew!
                                               serbian math what's the difference between the inverse of sec(o) and the smallest region in the former ottoman empire? one is cos(o), the other is kosovo
                                                                                          why do scuba divers fall backwards off of the boat? because if they fell forward, they'd still be in the boat.
                                                                                                                   i asked the riddler if i could be the host of his next party. he said, "be my guest."
                                                                       i left a trail of rose petals leading to the bed and on the bed was a note that said "this is what happens to roses who cross me"
                                                                                     "write this down." [moses grabs tablet] "thou shalt not steal [raises eyebrow] where did you get that tablet from?"
                                                                                                                           chuck norris can recharge his chuckpod by plugging it into a piece of cheese.
                                                                                                                                        why does an actor enjoy his work so much? because it's all play.
                                                                                                           today we are offering the twin tower special... two can dine for $9.11. desert is $7.47 each.
                                                             don't date a man expecting to change him. at the end of the day he'll still be a man, and you'll have wasted your black candles and a goat.
                                                                                                       if you ever see me on my death bed, please take me off my death bed & move me to my alive bed thx
                                                                              i can't believe other countries are allowed to celebrate the new year before america. some superpower we turned out to be.
                                                                                                                when you rob an ikea store they probably make you put all the money in the bag yourself.
                                                                                                               a black man, a jew and a retard walk outside the store so i run that fucking nigger over.
                                                                                   if you loiter in a tibetan spiritual leaders sandwich shop every day, then you dilly dally in the dalai's deli daily.
                                                              i don't understand banks. why do they attach chains to their pens? if i am trusting you with my money, you should trust me with your pens.
                                                                                                                     why was the dolphin happy and the shark depressed? the sharks life lacked porpoise.
                                                                                                                                    "for sale: brown skinned cabbage patch doll..." it's only harv price
                                                                                             wearing transition lenses is a great way to block out the sun & anyone from wanting to be friends with you.
                                                     [image] an image speaks louder than words. if words can be offencive, more so can be images. so avoid all words and images that can offend someone.
                                                                                                                                               what was special about three-eyed suzie? she had no legs.
                                                                                                                                              what do you call chow mein cooked in tomato sauce? impasta
                                                                                          this summer i'm going to go to the beach and bury metal objects that say, 'get a life' on them. demetri martin
                                                                                                                    how come you never see black people on ships? they aint falling for that shit again.
                                                                                                                            did you hear about the restaurant on mars?? great food, horrible atmosphere.
                                                                                                         i don't know why chic-fil-a is so popular... their food always leaves a fowl taste in my mouth.
                                                                                  i almost died last night. i woke up at 3am and my foot was hanging off the edge of the bed. not even under the covers.
                                                                                                                                 neurotic condoms stay awake at night thinking "i'm only 99% effective."
                                                                         why did linkin park wrap themselves up in plastic wrap before they jumped off a cliff? so in the end they didn't even splatter.
                                                                                                                                                    what do you call a biscuit on a motorbike? a bikkie.
                                                                                                                                                            pants are for people with something to hide.
                                                                                                                                                        how do you pick up a muslim girl? piece by piece
                                                                                                                              what did the cow say after hearing butcher's joke? you are killin' me man!
                                                               [on a date] i've got butterflies in my stomach "that's so cute. you dont have to be nervous" [flashback to me eating some butterflies] ok
                                                                                                                                                          man who farts in church... ... sits in own pew
                                                                picking up women in bars is like picking up avocadoes in a supermarket... you have no idea how damaged they are until you get them home.
                                                                                                                              what did one tampon say to the other? nothin, they're both stuck up cunts.
                                                                                                so is walmart a verb now? as in, "i'm out of clean underwear, so i'm going to have to walmart it today."
                                                                                                          what do vegan zombies eat? grraaaaaaaaaaaaaaaiiiiiiiiiiiiiinnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnssssssssssssssss
                                                                                                                          what does a tight pair of pants and a cheap motel have in common? no ballroom.
                                                                                                                           q: what do you get when you play a new age song backwards? a: a new age song.
                                                                                                                              parallel lines have so much in common it's a shame that they'll never meet
                                                                                  can we please stop with the holocaust jokes? my grandfather died in a concentration camp. he fell off the guard tower.
                                                            meant to tell my daughter "good night, i love you," but it came out as "thank god you go back to school on tuesday because this is bullshit"
                                                                                         rise &amp; shine ** q: what happens if you eat yeast and shoe polish? a: every morning you'll rise and shine!**
                                                                                                 all i'm saying is that if you were a real psychic palm reader you would of made me wash my hands first.
                                                                                                                                       what did a homosexual reindeer say to santa claus? sleigh, daddy.
                                                         i once had a beautiful wife, she was always the prettiest when she was asleep. unfortunately she died after i gave her too many sleeping pills.
                                                                                        in spite of what you might have heard, some pretty magical things happen behind dirty dumpsters in shady alleys.
                                                                                    wind chimes. something i've never purchased. can't see myself saying, its too quiet, you know what'd be nice? noise.
                                                     (not a joke) the aristocrats i'm sure all of you had different forms or variations of the aristocrats, but what's the best one you guys have heard?
                                                                                                                              where do you find a five year old with no legs? exactly where you left him
                                                                                                             what do you call a tumblr user who identifies as a device which inflates a tire? a pumpkin!
                                                                                                                             whats so good about german cars? they get from berlin to warsaw in one tank
                                                                                                  what does a child without arms get for x-mas? gloves! nah don't know, it hasn't opened the present yet
                                                                                                                                 what do you call a deer with a missing eye? i have no fucking eye deer.
                                                                                                                                             whats an english man favourite breakfast cereal cherry oh's
                                                                                                             how did bilbo survive the entire lord of the rings trilogy? because old hobbits die hard...
                                                                                                                                                                            wanna hear a good joke? you.
                                                              [shipwrecked diary] day 1: i found a pen, and a notebook to write in. more pens. i might be in a staples. printer paper. i'm in a staples.
                                                               why do marine biologists have such a high job satisfaction rate? because they find their work gives their lives a great deal of porpoise.
                                                             16yo [talking w friend]: fam that's lit af, tell bae and the squad that it's on fleek parent: *calls 911* i think my kid's having a seizure
                                                                                                                      what's the difference between 9/11 and tianjin? i'm only 75% sure jews did tianjin
                                                                                                                                          would you guys buy apple's new product for lumberjacks? iwood.
                                                                                                                                               moses was the first person to use control-c as a shortcut
                                                                                                                                            why are mexicans bad at uno? they steal all the green cards.
                          "son, i wanted to let you know you were adopted," said my dad. "are you kidding? really?!" i shouted. "yup, get ready," he said. "they'll be picking you up in about an hour."
                                                                                                                                jesus may have walked on water but steven hawking runs.. ..on batteries.
                                                                                               "we're going to chop off your testicles so we can love you until we decide you need to die." --pet owners
                                                                                                 why was the new englander so intent on looking for his khakis? cuz he needed to pahk da cah in da yahd.
                                                                                                                                                                                           barack obama.
                                                                      even though his lawyer had told him to check the fine print, he hadn't expected this: it was the sexiest print he'd seen in years.
                                                                                                mexican jokes and black jokes are pretty much all the same... once you've heard jaun, you've heard jamal
                                                                                                                                                            how often do chemists use hio4? periodically
                                                                                                                             why did the hipster burn his mouth? he drank the coffee before it was cool.
                                                                i hate it when someone asks you for directions and you can't remember a street name so you have to strangle them behind the gas station.
                                                                                                                                                     what is 6.9? a very good moment ruined by a period.
                                                                                                                                       why do white girls travel in groups of 3? because they can't even
                                                   the idiot named jay well story is my friend was playing a game and he asked me all day where a place was and turns out its written in his quest book!
                                                                                                                                       a man from alabama walked into a french hospital. he was in pain.
                                                                                                                                                      how do you catch a unique rabbit? unique up on it.
                                                                              i told my doctor i was scared and nervous when i got tested for hiv... he said 'just calm down and try to think positive.'
                                                                             tip: "montreal" is short for "monsters are real." the city was originally given this name due to its abundance of monsters.
                                                                                                     there's a gang of pickpockets targeting midgets in my town... honestly, how could they stoop so low
                                                              a three-legged dog walked into a saloon in the old west. he sidled up to the bar and announced, "i'm looking for the man who shot my paw."
                                                                          *spills water on pants* ok don't let anyone think you peed your pants "hey what happ--" my water broke, get me to the hospital
                                                                               what seperates black people and white people? the bars. shoutout to my bud treyvon for this joke from almost 7 years ago.
                                                                                                those who say "two wrongs don't make a right" have obviously never tried ranch dressing on french fries.
                                                                        i wish people were more like dogs and you could just give them those three little pats and they'd know our interaction was over.
                                                                                                                              do you know poop is tapered at one end? so your asshole doesn't slam shut.
                                                             i wanted to get into the right mood for my essay about american patriotism.. so i shouted at my essay "you essay", "you essay", "you essay"
                                                                                                     accidentally shoved a girl i didn't like to the left in the grocery store thinking i was on tinder.
                                                                                                                               sorry i threw sliced bread at you when you were taking a duck face selfie
                                                             *plot twist* breaking bad last ep. walt takes off the mask to reveal he was dwayne johnson the world finally knows what the rock was cookin
                                                                                                       i made a belgium waffle this morning, this afternoon i'm going to make a frenchman talk nonsense.
                                                                                                                    my life is a circus... i once juggled three fire-breathing girlfriends. bah-da-bing!
                                                                                                       i can't wait to jump on my kids' beds at 5am on mother's day, and holler "what did you get me?!?"
                                                                                                             this joke is the world most peaceful joke... don't worry. it doesn't even have a punchline.
                                                                 i always look for a woman who has a tattoo. because then i would know she is capable of making decisions she will regret in the future.
                                                                             911: what's your emergency? me: i taught my dad how to text 911: the problem ma'am? me: he calls to say "yeah, got ur text"
                                                                                                                                                     stop undressing me with your eyes!! use your teeth.
                                                                wife: who is the prettiest of my friends? me: your mother, why? w: stop acting like you're 12. m: (thinking) i dodged that bullet again.
                                                               patient: i've been so stressed out lately. what can i do? dr dog (tail wagging like crazy): studies show that petting dogs relieve stress
                                                                                                                                                            where do fleas go to surf? to the microwave.
                                                                                                                    what's the difference between a boy scout and a jew? boy scouts come back from camp.
                                                                                                                     q: what happens to an air conditioner when you pull its plug? a: it loses its cool.
                                                                                                                                      what was the seagull's favorite online streaming service? netfocks
                                                                                               a good way to stand out from the competition at a job interview is to bring your resume on a floppy disk.
                                                                               a midget went to visit the doctors there was a long wait and the nurse said "you're going to have to be a little patient"
                                                                                                                                 teacher: "name six wild animals" pupil:"four elephants and two lions !"
                                                                                                                                            what do you call two witches who share a  room? broom-mates.
                                                                                                          judging by the size of her models, i'm guessing victoria's secret is lots and lots of cocaine.
                                                                                                                                    wario has just revealed his campaign slogan 'we need to build a wah'
                                                                                                                                      what do bostonians call dogs that protect heaven's gates? god dogs
                                                                                remember where to put your commas kids... there's a big difference between helping your old uncle jack, off his horse...
                                                              [brings a snowball to a work meeting and tosses it at boss] i'm not trying to disprove the theory of global warming i just don't like you.
                                                                    what is something that looks like an obese vagina, loves guns, is widely hated by the europeans and can't take a joke? an americunt.
                                                                       why should you never mess with a gladiator who knows his english literature? first he'll bellowulf at you, then he'll shakespeare
                                                                                                                                      what do you call cows that don't have a sense of humor? feminists.
                                                                   why did the chicken cross the road? i don't fucking know. chickens don't even know what roads are he probably thought it was a field.
                                                                                                 what is reddit's favourite country m'laysia (sorry, my friends and i are drunk and we think it's funny)
                                            yo momma so white... ...she thinks mayonaise is a spice. ...when she goes to vote, her name is still on the list. ...when she goes to jail, she gets parole.
                                                                                                                                            how do you greet your mexican friend eating sushi? wassap b?
                                                                                                                                         what if we all do not exist and god is alone just imagining us?
                                                                                                             i decided to be a supervillan and kill people with puns. my supervillan name? the punisher.
                                                                                                                              why didn't the chicken cross the road? because north korea told it not to.
                                                                                                                                                                     tomb = toom womb = woom bomb = boom
                                                                                                            what's grey carries a bunch of flowers  and cheers you up when your ill ? a get wellephant !
                                                            i swear if i see one more tweet about 11/11/11 being once in a life time i will snap. every date is once in a life time! that how time works
                                                                             people who say they don't have any problems are lying to you, but at least give them credit for not telling you about them.
                                                                            i hate when i'm telling my best friend a story and she gets all judgmental and walks off to get a drink from her water bowl.
                                                                                                                           i told a girl she had drawn her eyebrows on too high... she looked surprised.
                                                                                                                           why do you never see prostitutes on airplanes? they don't give a flying fuck.
                                                                                                                why did i need to bring a shovel on my first date? clearly the chloroform wasn't enough.
                                                                                                         how many 9 year olds does it take to change a lightbulb? over 20, as my basement is still dark.
                                                                          i thought having a vasectomy would stop my wife from getting pregnant... but apparently it just changes the colour of the baby
                                                                                                           is it true what every girls wants is 9 inches? cos i'm not chopping 3 inches off for anybody!
                                                                                                                                                what do you call an egyption's butt muscle? a sphinxster
                                                                                        some people can ruin how attractive they are by doing this weird thing with their mouth... it's called "talking"
                                                                                                                                what do you call 32 white people locked in a closet? a captive cherokee.
             an owl and a squirrel are sitting in a tree watching a farmer mow the lawn.... ...the owl says nothing because owls can't talk, the owl then eats the squirrel because it's a bird of prey.
                                                           what drink did the karate master order? wa-tah! haha. i'll leave now... (sorry if already posted. i searched a little bit but found nothing.)
                                                                                                                                  where do isis fighters go to purchase soda and candy? allahu snackbar!
                                                                                                                                                      how did the farmer find his wife? he tractor down.
                                                                                                                           i swear to god, the next car that cuts me off will be driving in front of me.
                                                                hey middle-aged people who suddenly change your first name--screw you. i'm calling you what i've been calling you for the last 10 years.
                                                                                                                                 what's black and white and red all over? a nun falling down the stairs.
                                                    [wp] you are an assassin in wwii trying to find a german defector on a u-boat. unfortunately you got a little lost on the dock... whoops, wrong sub.
                                                                                                                               short story about hygiene hi, eugene. please be kind. first post here. ;)
   q: why was heisenberg such a bad lover? a: when he got the momentum, he couldn't find the position, and when he found the position, he couldn't muster up the momentum. **x-post : /r/sciencehumour**
                                                                                                                                                             what do you call a german barber? herr cut.
                                                                                                                there are now five cup sizes at starbucks: short, tall, grande, venti, and chuck norris.
                                                                               a cute thing i tell my kids when we see a dead deer on the side of the road is, "looks like santa lost his temper again."
                                                                                                                                            get in on syrian real estate now! the markets are exploding!
                                                                                                                           [m] what's the hardest part of owning a cat? telling your parents you're gay.
                                                                                                                                    chuck norris doesn't flush the toilet. he scares the shit out of it.
                                                                                                                                   what makes cows and horses so valuable? they have a lot of moo/neigh.
                                                                                                                                 so if you help jack get on the horse... do you help jack off the horse?
                                                                      [interview] so your resume says you used to be in the theater yes that is correct what made you leave it? well, the movie ended so
                                                                                                                                      why was 6 afraid of 7? because 7 8 9. to be read: *seven ate nine*
                                                                                               the revolution will be tweeted. the sunset, instagrammed. the relationship, facebooked. the storm, vined.
                                                  an old lady at the park said to me today, "i see your dog's fetching balls."i said, "i know he has but, at your age, you shouldn't really be looking."
                                                                                                                                                   what do you do when a chemistry teacher dies ? barium
                                                                   why should you always run next to a car? because if you run behind it you get exhausted, and if you run in front of it you get tired!
                                                                                                               ok - who knows their soupy sales lines? i'll give you the set-ups, you give us the lines.
                                                                          headed to the gym. gonna work on my diptroids. my gluteralids. my quadrapeps. maybe my trapaceptals. definitely my vocabulary.
                                                      remember the guy who got last place in the distance ejaculation contest last year? you should see him now, he's really came a long way since then.
                                                                                                                                                                 bar joke so, a guy walks into a bar....
                                               son: dad, i need some money! dad: you should get a job at the starbrites factory. son: why? do they pay well? dad: you kidding? ***you'll make a mint!***
                                                                                  how many pittsburgh steelers does it take to change a lightbulb? none, they just talk about how good the last six were
                                                                                                          what's the oldest age that a boy can have a circumcision? i just want to know the cutoff date.
                                                                            to try change my friends mind about puns i told him one a day for 10 days to try and get him to laugh but no pun in ten did.
                                                               i got my bank balance back today. it was a picture of a priest. i put it on a spitroast, so at least now i can say i'm turning a prophet.
                                                                                            cigarettes are a lot like hamsters. perfectly harmless until you put one in your mouth and light it on fire.
                     what is the difference between picking your nose.... ...and fucking someone up the ass? when picking your nose, you hope something **will** be stuck to the end after you pull out!
                                                                                                                   why don't you ever say a joke about jesus to a christian? they become pretty cross...
                                                                                                                                                            how much free space does europe have ? 1 gb.
                                                                                                                                          what's spider-man's least favourite rice brand? uncle ben's...
                                                                                                                                                                   what people travel the most?  romans.
                                                                                                   there's no such thing as detoxing your body, but enjoy spending three hundred bucks on your diarrhea.
                                                                                                          i got caught in a weird routine of masturbation... when i discovered my fetish for wrist pain.
                                                                                                                                                                he died doing what he loved: being alive
                                                                                                                                     if spooning leads to forking, what does knifing lead to? abortions.
                                                                                               boss: read me one of your funny tweets me: not right now i'm working boss: bahahahaha tell me another one
                                                                                                         what do you call a place that you put an arrested caucasian gang member in? a white blood cell.
                                                              did you hear about the scooby doo villain who became an olympic swimmer? he would have won, if it weren't for all those medaling swimmers!
                                                                                                                                     what do you call an asian supply warehouse party? a surprise party!
                                                               i wear glasses n walk around eating apples n everyone is like "wow. he prolly subscribes 2 the economist" but joke's on them i can't read
                                                              my wife & i couldn't agree on which psychic to go to. they were all sad and depressing. "what did you do?" we finally found a happy medium
                                                                                                              a buddhist monk visits a hot dog stand in new york and says "make me one with everything".
                                                                                         shakespeare could see the future. he knew people would listen to only two types of music. doobie or not doobie.
                                                                                                                             what did the boy banana say to the girl banana? "you have a lot of appeal."
                                                                                                                                why does mike tyson refuse to buy playstation ? because he is an x-boxer
                                         what's the best thing about having sex with an 8 year old girl? when you're done, you can flip her over and pretend you're having sex with an 8 year old boy...
        a black guy with a parrot on his shoulder walks into a bar... the bartender asks, "where'd ya get it?" the parrot says, "africa." (i don't know if you know this one, but i just heard it today)
                                                                                                                                                             irish joke an irish man walks out of a bar.
                                                                                                                    adam and eve did you know eve was the first carpenter? she made adam's banana stand.
                                                                                                                                                 baby, i hope you are an iso file cuz i wanna mount you.
                                                                                                            how to make a trump sandwich white bread lots of baloney russian dressing and a small pickle
                                                                                       a really funny joke. http://youtu.be/h8yckka7lzi a work-in-progress from my stand-up set. tell me what you think!
                                                                                                                         hamster joke there is a boy, he owns a hamster. what does the hamster eat? ham.
                                                                                                                                                               what's a boxers favorite joke? punchline.
                                                                                                                                                 the steak pun... ...a rare medium, sometimes well done.
                                                                                                                                                  popup ads are the jehovah's witnesses of the internet.
                                                                                                                         don't get me wrong, you are hot as hell, i am just too lazy to stalk right now.
                                                                                                                                                  the enola gay made rice crispies long before kellogg's
                                                                                                                                                              what is mozart doing nowadays? decomposing
                                                                                                                what did the elephant say to the famous  detective ? it's ele-mentary my dear sherlock !
                                                             what's the difference between neil armstrong and michael jackson? neil armstrong walked on the moon, and michael jackson had sex with kids.
                                                                                                                                   what do call it when actor charles dance tries to flirt? dance moves.
                                                                                                                       what do ya call an overweight scottish pigeon .... a fat coo... im here all week.
                                                                                                                         has anyone seen what's up with that subway jared guy lately?! he got fat again!
                                                                                                      this is our son, ryder kade ace hypermasculine overcompensation for daddy's fears jones-rendenburg
                                                                                                                                         what advice to cows give? turn the udder cheek and mooooove on!
                an american and a german were playing "thumb war" "one, two, three, four, i declare a thumb war." "five, six, seven, eight, i use this hand to masturbate." "einz, zwei, drei, so do i."
                                                                  i like to bring ants on planes and say "all the people down there look like you!" they can't understand me, but they like the company.
                                                                                                                        what do you call and irish person who stays outside all night? paddy o'furniture
                                                                                                   what did the black hole say to the catholic priest? "i'm sorry, father. i'm rather critical of mass."
                                                                did you know frogs can jump higher than houses? this is for two reasons: 1. frogs have extremely strong hind legs. 2. houses can't jump.
                                                                                                                                                 everybody values honesty, until they have an ugly baby.
                                                        you used to be the semicolon(;) in my life... you used to be the semicolon(;) in my life! sorry but times have changed and i have python now...!
                                                              did you know joe montana and his brother have more super bowl wins than the manning brothers? and joe montana doesn't even have a brother!
                                                               i forgot to bring my bags to the grocery store, people looked at me like i drove there on an aerosol can, then slit a baby seal's throat.
                                                                                                                   katie holmes filed for divorce from tom cruise .... was rock of ages really that bad?
    what did bernie sanders say when he found a dead body at a democratic party meeting to select candidates and decide policy? "oh god, a caucus!" ^^^cuz ^^^he ^^^has ^^^a ^^^new ^^^england ^^^accent
                                                                                                                                                    don't be part of the problem. be the entire problem.
                                                                                                i never believed in santa claus because i knew no white dude would come into my neighborhood after dark.
                                                                 if you tell me having a dog is the same as having a kid then i'm going to assume you yell at your dog to keep his pants on at wal-mart.
                                                                                                                                               what's red and has seven dents in it? snow whites cherry.
                                                                                                                                                       how do you get a fat girl into bed? piece of cake
                                                              sober in an uber: please don't talk to me. i don't know you. drunk in an uber: i want to get married one day, but i put up emotional walls
                                                                                                                                                                whats the most slippery country? greece.
                                                                                                             i saw your link on facebook. what happened next will blow your mind.......i didn't open it.
                                                                                                                                  which dances do the burgers do best? the burger-loo and the char char!
                                                                                                                     did you hear about the guy who had his whole left side cut off? he's all right now.
                                                                                                                                                             what do bulls do for fun? play with others.
                                                                                    sure, but when i pull men out of a hole in the ground it's called, "homoerotic necrophelia." double standard, chile.
                                                                                                                                     how do you kill a 1 legged fox? make him run across canada. (sorry)
                                                                                                 why do scuba divers fall backwards out of the boat? if they went forward they would fall into the boat.
                                                            writing about 2 dinosaurs who hate crime. they make motorcycles & badges from the meteorite that killed their dino buds. called triceracops!
                                                                  what's the difference between a bad golfer and a bad skydiver? a bad golfer goes: *whack* "dang!" a bad skydiver goes: "dang!" *whack*
                                                                      another pirate joke. what is a pirate's favorite letter of the alphabet...? "arrrrr?" nope... you'd think so, but it'd be the "c."
                                                                                                                     i bet snowmen think it's weird that the ground is completely covered in their skin.
                                                                                                                                               what do you call a guy who peeps his peeps? a homeboyeur.
                                                                                           one advantage of being a woman is no one can surprise you with a kid years later and tell you you're the mom.
                                                                                                                                             i used to think i was indecisive, but now i'm not too sure.
                       every time i read news about iss im like what did isis do this time... half way through the article... how the hell did they get to space. oh wait damn you dyslexia!! edit: joke
                                                                                                                          [my first day as hand dryer salesman] "this robot dries your hands with noise"
                                                   how is a marriage similar to a deck of cards? starting off with 2 hearts and a diamond seems great but by the end all you want is a club and a spade.
                                                                                   nothing is too good for my girlfriend on valentines day... i tried to get her nothing, but she was too good for that.
                                                                                                             how do you turn a duck into a soul singer? put him in the microwave 'till his bill withers.
       did you hear about that group of midgets suing the local bar? yeah, they were upset with how short the stools were. the judge threw out the case, though; told them they were grasping at straws.
                                                                                                                                          i was going to tell you a joke about homosexuals butt fuck it.
                                                                                         did you hear about the man who went into the doctor for anal glaucoma? he couldn't see his ass going into work.
                                                                                       i'm "don't flash your headlights at someone who doesn't have theirs on bc they will come and kill you" years old.
                                                                                                                                                                              a mormon walks into a bar.
                                                                                           did you hear about the guy who watched that new bruce willis film five times in a row? he was a die hard fan.
                                      i don't understand why taylor swift has removed all of her music from streaming services you can stream taylor swift anytime you want just by turning on the radio
                                                    just because we share the same skin colour does not follow that i am obliged to always support you in every foolish and idiotic thing you say or do.
                                                                                                                                          what do you call the japanese demon of spices? the pepper oni.
                                                                                                               when the professor starts off the semester asking "why are you here?" so i can get a job.
                                                                                                              thanks to whoever invented the mute button, because i can poop while on a conference call.
                                                                                                                    what did the ghost of kurt cobain say right after his death? my feet are killin' me!
                                                                                   god said unto john... "john if you come fourth you shall receive eternal life!" but john came fifth and won a toaster
                                                                                                   i find that corn fields are the best places to vent your frustrations... ...because they're all ears.
                                                                                                                                                         what do you call a mollusk on a boat? a snailor
                                                            us loretta lynch confirms that all 7 fifa officials dramatically threw themselves onto the ground faking injury when arrested earlier today.
                                                                            i woke up hungover to the sound of my neighbour mowing his lawn. he will just have to mow around me because i'm not moving..
                                                                     what's the difference between a toddler and a bag of cocaine? eric clapton would never let a bag of cocaine fall out of the window.
                                                                                                                                         q:what's the fastest way to end an iraqi bingo game? a:call b52
                                                            if i owned a brazilian waxing joint, i'd call it pubic's cube or the razor's edge or hedging your bets or getting a leg up or bush league or
                                                                                         my shorts are hydrophobic they don't repel water, they just think it shouldn't be able to adopt or get married.
                                                                                                    i once had a girlfriend who had a lazy eye... i had to dump her because she was seeing other people.
                                                                                                               i read a story about a guy who cried while pleasuring himself. it was a real tear jerker.
                                                                                                                                     poor superman.he can't go commando without the whole world noticing
                                                                i remember when i was young and dad used to play "got your nose". it was far less traumatic than uncle carl's game of "got your weiner".
                                                                                                                     i just cleaned out my purse. so, i'll be having a garage sale later this afternoon.
                                        if you want to know if a girl is into you, look at her feet. if they point away from you she's not interested, if they're behind her ears she's very interested.
                                                                                                                         "you're under arrest for trespassing." "on what grounds?" -fromjokester4android
                                                                                                                                             sometimes i like to stand in front of a mirror and reflect.
                                                                                                                         girls spend a lot of time explaining how they never do the thing they just did.
                                                                                                                   uh, excuse me, mr. swagger, either walk a little faster or buy a belt. thanks, homie.
                                                                                  it's kind of annoying that my wife said something about glistening but when i asked her to repeat it she just got mad.
                                                                                                                          how do you find a blonde on reddit? look for the comments that just say "huh?"
                                                                                                                have you checked on your shelves recently? you know, just to see how they're holding up?
                                                                                                                                   original joke it may not have been funny but at least it was original
                                                            i got a new tag on my car on the front of my car, there's a license plate that says "dodge." that's not the manufacturer, it's a suggestion.
                                                                                                                                                     i used to be great at word play. once a pun a time.
                                                                 i wish there was something called the pizza/enchilada/beer diet where you lost weight. cause i'm on it and that's not what's happening.
                                                                                                                               if i have learned anything in life it's don't throw away your fat clothes
                                                                                                      "my girlfriend? you wouldn't know her. she's a bit underground." ...said the hipster necrophiliac.
                                                   why should you be afraid if you see a bull chasing after you? well. i don't know about you guys, but i wouldn't want something that horny chasing me!
                                                            voicemail: i'm sorry i can't come to the phone right now, my toddler typed the wrong password 200 times so i can't try again until next year
                                                                                          my mate lent me $5,000 to produce my idea of a fruit-based torch, then took all credit. he stole my limelight.
                                                                                                                                  [joke] why did the guitar teacher get arrested? for fingering a minor.
                                          i was making a graph of my past relationships. first i drew the ex axis then the why axis. full disclosure: i saw this in yik yak thought is share it here. :)
                                                                                                                                                      what's the only painful car rental company? hertz.
                                                                                                               does anyone have the owner's manual for a wife? mine's emitting a terrible whining noise.
                                                                                                                          what did the rabbit bride get on her wedding day? a forty-carrot wedding ring.
                                                                                                                          doctor doctor i've lost my memory! when did this happen? when did what happen?
                                                                                                                                                                          what does a gay horse eat? cum
                                                                                                                                          what did the cat say to the prison guard? let meoowwwwtttt!!!!
                                                                                                                                              why do sheep love star wars episode v? because dey-go-bah.
                                                                                                       why are boy scouts like human sacrifices in a cannibalistic society? their motto is "be prepared"
                                                                                                                             why did the snowman pull his pants down? because the snowblower was coming.
                                                                                   my birthday for my birthday i asked for a bicycle, an action man, and a vibrating butt plug... i never got that bike.
                                                                                                                   what did the sign in front of the drug rehabilitation center say? keep off the grass.
                                                                                     [starbucks] one tall iced latte please "ok, can i have a name?" well ok but it really should come from your parents
                                                                                                                                                 whose son was edward the black prince ? old king coal !
                                                                                                                                          my handheld social networking device is ringing! what do i do?
                                                                                                                                               what are cats favorite internet service provider? comcat.
                                                                                                                                                  yo mama's soo ugly.. one direction went the other way.
                                                                                                                                         why does vegan cheese taste bad? it hasn't been tested on mice.
                                                                                                                                           my dad is stupid. he thinks a fjord is a norwegian motor car.
                                                                                                       as a brit i didn't believe brexit could be trumped but it seems that's exactly what's happened :(
                                                                                                                                    why did ranch break up with chicken wings? because he blue cheese...
                                                                                                          why are so many people caucusing for hillary clinton... they were inspired by monica lewinsky.
                                                                                                                                     love is like a fart if you have to force it, it's going to be shit.
                                                                                                                    why did the louvre tour guide work for pennies? because this docent makes any cents.
                                                                                                              my roomate was bragging about getting top comment of the week on thechive. yeah, i reddit.
                                                                                                 why did my geoligist wife divorce me? she kept on saying that everything i said was complete bullschist
                                                                              i've completely cocooned myself in this blanket, and i'm not coming out until i'm a fully functional adult or a butterfly.
                                                                                                                               one day i hope to be doing so well that people accuse me of being a clone
                                                                                                                                      what did the rabbit say to the carrot? it's been nice gnawing you.
                                                                                                                           why do girls always walk in groups of odd numbers? because they can't even...
                                                                                                                                       never do anything you wouldn't want to explain to the paramedics.
                                                                                                                                    ashes to ashes, dust to dust a guns only weakness is obama and rust.
                                                                                                                            are you a haunted house? because every time i come inside you i shit myself.
                                                                                       do you like jokes that make you think a little? if you had an one-legged horse, what would you name it? flattery.
                                                                                                                      "i'm proud of all the twitter followers you've accumulated." - none of our parents
                           while getting ready to leave on trip, i was trying to get my wife to hurry up. she says "why are you rushin'?" too which i replied "because my grandpa is from moscow." duh..
                                                                                                           top 3 situations that require witnesses: 1) crimes 2) accidents 3) marriages need i say more?
                                                                                                                                 hate when the grammar police single me out like some kind of which hunt
                                                                                               why couldn't the mexican be a firefighter? because he didn't know the difference between jose and hose b.
                                                                                                                                             if my friends circle was a pizza... ...i would be the crust
                                                                                                                                                what do gay zombies say? heeeeyyyyrrrrrrraaarrrrrgggggg.
                                                                                                                                                      what is the height of trust? two cannibals in a 69
                                                                                                                                                       what is a missionary's favorite car a convertible
                                                                                                                              i was kidnapped by a pack of mimes. they performed unspeakable acts on me.
                                                                                                               why should you never let a panda into a chemistry lab? because it will create pandamonium
                                                                                                                                           ugh, i just spilled red wine all over the inside of my tummy.
                                                                                                                                         some french words have silent t's, like "ballet" and "tbonjour"
                                                                                    q: how do you know if a blonde has been sending e-mail? a: you see a bunch of envelopes stuffed into the disk drive.
                                                                                                            my new computer is so fast that i told them to deliver it next monday and it's here already.
                                                                                                                                   why can't democrats sell pants? they believe in a single-pair system.
 my co-worker is so annoying... she's always showing me pictures of her daughter and always asking: "have you seen my baby?" it's so annoying, come on, its been two years, they're never gonna find ...
                                                                              so a rhino walks into a bar... and several patrons pay their tabs and leave because they see the danger in this situation.
                                  once i was travelling in a taxi, the taxi driver said: "i am very happy with this job. i am my own boss and nobody can order me what to do." then i said: "take left."
                                                                      justin bieber made a racist joke when he was 15. quick, someone give him $2 billion for his basketball team to teach him a lesson.
                                                                        i wait tables with an obnoxious ex-mechanical engineer... ...he's always going on and on about the restaurant's utensil modulus.
                                                                                                                             how many women does it take. . . to screw in a lightbulb in a convent? nun.
                                                                                                                                                pancake day ... has has really creped up on me this year
                                                                                         what do you get when a fat guy and a butterface have sex? a burka! he covers his body, and she covers her face!
                                                                                                                                                how many blondes does it take to make a great joke? yes.
                                                                                                                                                   no matter the medium, a well done burger joke is rare
                                                             no linda, i can't believe how early it's getting dark. after 4 billion years of this happening i was sure this would be the year it didn't.
                                                                                      did you hear about the woman who got those wooden breast implants? it would make for a good punchline, wooden tit?
                                                                                   what's the difference between a woman in a bathtub and a woman in a church? the woman in church has hope in her soul.
                                                                                                                      did you hear about the man who got sick at the airport? it was a terminal illness.
                                                                                                                                             what roman dictator suffered from epilepsy? julius seizure.
                                                                                                                                                 smart people don't call themselves smart - me included.
                                                                                                                  william howard taft was so fat... ...he sat in two branches of the federal government.
                                                                                                              was going to tell my wife a joke about quantum theory... ...but i didn't want to bohr here
                                                    "did you just say something?" "uhhh nope?" "really? i could swear you just asked me if i wanted a hotdog." "no i didn't." "good, because i'm vegan."
                                                                                                                         what do you call someone who hates browsing the web with google? a chromophobe.
                                                                                                                                                                         what's hodor's job? raisin bran
                                                   i visited my doctor last week, and he told me i had to stop masturbating. i asked him why, surely it's not dangerous. he said it was distracting him.
                                                                                                                i just put in new countertops in my kitchen... granite, they're not marble, but still...
                                                            overheard - woman 1: "we went downtown to visit 9/11..." woman 2: "you mean the world trade center?" woman 1: "no that's not there anymore."
                                                                                                                               you think you know someone, then you find out they like porn with a plot.
                                                                                                                                                   classic one how do you make a hormone? don't pay her.
                                                       are you afraid of the dark? just sing the opening line to "the sound of silence." darkness will feel like you're being clingy and leave the room.
                                                                          [hr office] hr: you know why you're here, right? me: hr: you can't "contract" down's syndrome & you can't call in sick with it
                                       pick up chinese girl i asked a chinese girl for her number. she said, "sex! sex! sex! free sex tonight!" i said, "wow!" then her friend said, "she means 666-3629
                                                                                                                         my hand has never pumped so hard for a little squirt. stupid empty soap bottle.
                                                                                                                                               unlike rick astley, this tweet is likely to let you down.
                                                                                                                                               what's a hippy mothers least favorite sport? formula one!
                                                              people are like snowflakes. individually small and ineffective, but if we work together we can make my step dad crash his car into a tree.
                                                                            wife: where are you going? me: out. i can't stand being hemmed in by four walls. wife: how many walls has the pub got? five?
                                                                                                                   whats the difference between 3 big black cocks and a joke? your mum can't take a joke
                                                                                                                     why people don't offer chair to sean connery when he comes? because he shits on it.
                                                                                                                                            what do you call an angry, seafaring mathematician? -rate!!!
                                                                                                                    have you worked at mcdonalds? i have. i got fired not long ago. my boss was a clown.
                                                                someone told me they were getting colored contacts, and i said "aren't all their eyes just brown?" that was a complete misunderstanding.
                                                                                                                                  knock knock who's there ! bertha ! bertha who ? bertha-day greetings !
                                                                            when my grandfather died we scattered his remains in the sea everyone on the beach panicked because we didn't cremate him...
                                                                                                                                                            want to dance? or should i go to hell again?
                                                                         2 plants are hanging out one says to the other, " you hungry?" to which the other replies, "yes, i could go for a light snack."
                                                                                                            what does a sandwich filling share in common with joffrey lannister? they are both in bread.
                                                                        how does a feminist screw in a light bulb? she holds the bulb up to the socket and then expects the world to revolve around her.
                                                                                                              nice girls are found in every corner of the world... ...unfortunately, the world is round.
                                                                                                                         i met josh pec the other day... i met josh pec the other day, he's such a boob.
                                                                                     a man walks into a doctors office with a duck on his head... duck says "doc, you gotta get this guy out of my ass!"
                                                                                                                                                                             hair disorders by dan druff
                                                                                                        coworker: i never would've guessed you're in your 30's. you look so young. me: i'm old at heart.
                                                                                                                                           want to hear a joke about pizza? never mind, it's too cheesy.
                                                                             "hippos are actually more dangerous than crocodiles and sharks combined." - moron who clearly hasn't pictured a crocoshark.
                                                                                                                                                              a guy walks into a bar... and says "ouch."
                                                                                           if six children and two dogs were under an umbrella how come none of them got wet? because it wasn't raining.
                                                                                                                              i love the smell of blown out matches... chile vs mexico was a real treat!
                                                                                                                              why did the banana go out with the prune? because it couldn't get a date. 
                                                                                                                           what do you call someone who is great at casting?? a mastercaster hahahahahah
                                                                                                  i met a cute deaf girl at a bar the other day... ... that bitch still hasn't returned any of my calls.
                                                                                                                                                            the "blind people alphabet" a, b, d, e, f...
                                                                                                                                "my bad" and "i'm sorry" mean the same thing unless you're at a funeral.
                                                                  i wonder if woody or buzz have ever met andy's moms toys. i think it would cause mass confusion as they probably share the same names.
                                                                                                      what did the elephant say when it saw the  chihuahuas coming down the road? look out for the mice!
                                                                                 so i hear reddit likes cats. anyone ever hear the joke about the cat on the roof? ehhh never mind. it's over your head.
                                                                                                                                                            what's et short for? his stupid little legs.
                                                                                                                                                     "my advice to you: subtlety." - the joker, to trump
                                                                                                                  guy stole my identity this week and i'm like i have a family you have to take them too
                                                                                                                                         what did the carpenters call their brass quartet? the tuba four
                                                                                                                                    a stormtrooper just got sent to the firing squad. he will be missed.
                                                                                                                        i hate seeing people i know on tinder my girlfriend has some explaining to do...
                                                                                                           trump's first act as president gives away the first lady's job to an immigrant. #thanksdonald
                                                                                                                                do you think my parents divorced because i'm too handsome like they said
                                          mozart took a young wife, as was common in the day. after a very brief first night together, he felt inspired to write a song. he called it minute in a minor.
                                                                                           the republicans told us that if we let the gays marry, soon people'd be marring horses! i'm still waiting. :(
                                                                                                                                                              what kind of bagel can fly? a plane bagel.
                                                                                                         this 5 year old is taking a call from his secret agent on a calculator and now i hate my phone.
                                                                                                                what goes "clippity clop bang bang, clippity clop bang bang"? an amish drive by shooting
                                                                                                             god: ok u can make one human that's it satan: how do u feel about toupees & the name donald
                                                                                                                                      i think i'm developing a taste for foreign films like tokyo drift.
                                                                                                                                                                     where do cats go to vacation? meowi
                                                                                                              the idea that someone would be upset not to be invited to a wedding is so confusing to me.
                                                                                                        did you know in the state of kentucky, if you divorce your wife.... she just becomes your cousin
                                                                                                             if the united states government had a reality tv show... it would be called house of tards.
                                                                                                                                                  i like my women like i like my trail mix... with nuts.
                                                                                                                                                       want to hear a star wars joke? hayden christensen
                                                                                                                           the tenth of october is the only day of the year that i would recommend 10/10
                                                                                                                                    had sex with a deaf and blind paraplegic girl. fucked her senseless.
                                                                                                                              why are mexicans bad firefighters? because they cant tell jose from hose b
                                                                                                                      since joining twitter i've started 2 new collections .......... dust and cobwebs !
                                                                                                                                                      what kind of tree grows in your hand? a palm tree.
                                                                                    i think 50 cent stands a chance against floyd mayweather i don't know about 12, but i know 50 cent can take 9 rounds
                                                                                                                                    repost- how do you circumcise a redneck? kick his sister in the jaw.
                                                                                                                                   being in a nudist colony probably takes all the fun out of halloween.
                                                                                                                                               where do you find a dog with no legs? where you left him.
                                                                                                                                                            what is 6.9? a good time ruined by a period.
                                                                                                                    if you think being a vegetarian will make you thin, i direct your attention to cows.
                                                                                                                                   when she moans "deeper", but... you've run out of government secrets.
                                                                                                                                                                       an irashman walks out of a bar...
                                                                                                                what do a car, a bus, and a family have in common? the car and the bus both have wheels.
                                                                                                                                                        who the hell came up with 'prolly' for probably?
                                                                                                                                     what did the mexican say to the highlander? there can only be juan.
                                                                                                                                              "my homework ate my dog" -student in python breeding class
                                                                                                       whenever somebody says "it removes the toxins from your body" i know that they are dumber than me
                                                                                                                     hotel california is basically a negative yelp review with a two minute guitar solo.
                                                                                           expecting your guy to be romantic all the time is like expecting you to behave like a porn star all the time.
                                                                                                           why wouldn't jeffery dahmer go down on terri schiavo? because cannibals don't eat vegetables.
                                                                                                                       a roman guy walks into a bar he holds up two fingers and says "five beers please"
                                                                                                                                                                    we all grew up in the hood childhood
                                                                                                                      i was never a photogenic person, because when everyone said cheese i said "where"?
                                                                                                                              why was the s&amp;m phone sex caller so quiet? because he was tongue tied!
                                                                                                                                                     why was the programmer lonely? off-by-one error. :(
                                                                                                                                                                             all aboard! by abel seamann
                                             idiot blind person what is the difference between someone who is so dumb he doesn't know how to open his eyes and the sun. the sun is bright enough to see!
                                                                                                                     you do not need a parachute to skydive. you only need a parachute to skydive twice.
                                                                                                                        quote of the day! "when shits about to hit the fan... i turn the fan off" -pfaff
                                                      so my neighbour... so my neighbour asks me if i've been stealing her clothes off of her washing line, i was so shocked i almost shat in her pants!
                                                                                            what did the jamaican priest call the guy who was arrested for sealing several tonnes of spices? a cinna-mon
                                                                                                                                                            old zombies never die... they just rot away.
                                                                                the first olympic sailing results are in england has taken gold, france has taken silver and somalia has taken the boat.
            tasty tattoo my girl just got a tattoo of a turkey on one thigh and santa claus on the other. she wants to show that there *is* something good to eat in between thanksgiving and christmas.
                                                                                                  i relate to your inability to relate to people. let's talk about hanging out but never follow through.
                                                                                                                                                                           who so thelioma? mesothelioma
                                                                                                      i had abstinence-only sex education when i was in high school. it was called dungeons and dragons.
                                                                                    few things can match the satisfaction of high-fiving someone who is trying to give you the talk to the hand gesture.
                                                                                                                               who likes wet cock and hates soggy cereal? a chicken with a water fetish.
                                                                                                                    i want to make a joke about screamo music... but there was no rhyme or reason to it.
                                                        touch it gently, put two fingers inside, if it's wide use three fingers, make sure it's wet and rub up and down. yep  that's how you wash a cup.
                                                                                                                                                why was the pilot dying? because he had terminal cancer.
                                                                                                                      why did beethoven get rid of his chickens? all they said was, bach, bach, bach ...
                                                                                                                              what do you get when you cross a native american with phosphorylation? atp
                                                                                                     what to do if you run over a black man in the rain? well, you have an hour before the rain dries...
                                                                     a summer visitor asked the farmer how long cows  should be milked. "oh i reckon about the same as short ones!" the farmer answered.
                                                                                                                                    why don't hipsters live in alaska? everything is cool there already.
                                                                                                                                                what do you call a religiously-praised feces? holy shit!
                                                                                            q: how many leos does it take to change a  lightbulb? a: none: a leo would order somebody else to change it.
                                                                                                      i bet the first guy who threw shit into a fan never knew what an incredible legacy he would leave.
                                                                                                  funny that when a girl sleeps with a lot of guys she's considered a slut ... but when i do it i'm gay.
                                                                                                                                       if a fish died in the ocean... ...does it become a marine corpse?
                                                                                                        "honey, you're not really nice to your son" "which one do you mean? steve, john or the fat one?"
                                                                             was being tested for allergies at an all-male nudist colony when the power went out... needless to say, i felt every prick.
                                                                                                                                                                  i like my women like i like my coffee.
                                                                                                                              what do you get when you kill a body of water in a comic book? a deadpool.
                                                                                     to save money, instead of going to the club, i just get drunk at home and yell "what?" into a mirror over and over.
                                                                                                                                                   how to make your ears pop? try some sparkly earrings.
                                                                                                                            guys, trump isn't hitler... ...because hitler actually won the popular vote.
                                                                     my housemates may get angry at me for stealing all their cooking utensils.. ..but quite frankly that's a whisk i'm willing to take.
                                                                                                                                                                "you'll sleep when i'm dead" -- my phone
                                                                                                                                                       what you call a dildo with six heads? hail hydra!
                                                                                                                                                        those who believe in telekinesis, raise my hand.
                                                                                                my favorite drawings at the mohammad cartoon festival in texas... were the two chalk outlines out front.
                                                                                                               i got fired from the calendar factory... i guess i shouldn't have taken so many days off.
                                                                                              why did germany hold a ceremony for the greek bankruptcy? they wanted to give credit where credit was due.
                                                                                                                                              why do the french stink? so blind people can hate them too
                                                                                                                  what's green, has 6 legs and if it fell from a tree it would kill you? a pool table...
                                                                                                                  my girlfriend might be a gorilla... everyone is always taking their dicks out for her.
                                                                                                                 my medical bills are so high that i got a thank you card from my doctors kids' colleges
                                                                                                    find out why i'm changing the colour of my house lamps you'll see me in a different light after this
                                                                                                                                   what's another name for someone who makes prosthetics? a body builder
                                                                                                                 some people may call me an agnostic but i'm a god-fearing man -- afraid she might exist
                                                                                                             why did the diabetic win the weight lifting competition? because he was so good at pumping.
                                                                                                                                  i used to be poor. then i bought a thesaurus, and now i'm impecunious.
                                                                look! up in the sky! it's a bird! it's a huge bird unlike any we've ever seen before! what kind of bird is that? just look at that bird!
                                                                                                                              i think my dog is gay because he wags his tail every time i suck his dick.
                                                                      during our first dance at our wedding my new wife looked into my eyes and said "where have you been my whole life?" i said "sober"
                                                                                                                                      i artificially inseminated a cow this morning! it's true! no bull!
                                                                                                                    which is better, a cat or a dog house? a dog house, because a cat house has no woof!
                                                                                                                                                                     how to piss off the jokeexplainbot?
                                                                                                                                   half of men in america watch porn everyday. the other half are liars.
                                                                                                                                                     q: how does a blonde kill a fish? a: she drowns it.
                                                                                                                  "do you love me more than you love sleep?" "i can't answer now. it's time for my nap!"
                                                                                                    the date was going great until she spooked me and then i squirted her with ink and quickly swam away
                                       it's a boy! "it's a boy", jimbo shouted, "it's a boy!" with tears rolling down his eyes, jimbo came running out of the room. and never returned to bangkok again.
                                                                                                                                                have you ever tried north korean food? neither have they
                                                                                 him: hey, you really think that doing all those shots are going to make you forget that you got fired? me: i got fired?
                                                                                                                               i was thinking about making a chemistry joke but all the good ones argon.
                                                                                              now a days saving your virginity for someone "special" is like holding a dump to wait for a special toilet
                                                                     if i had a nickel for every time robert duvall squinted while wearing a cowboy hat... ...i'd have the same career as robert duvall.
                                                                                                                               why wrap a hampster in scotch tape... so it doesn't pop when you fuck it!
                                                                                                         it's the day after my birthday and i feel like an idiot. probably because i was born yesterday.
                                                                       tonight's parenting lesson: if a 2-year-old says, "i'm going to puke," for the love of god don't call her bluff. i need a shower.
                                                                                                                              a boy walks in on his two parents having sex. he walks out of a threesome.
                                                                                                            why did the prostitute cry after her customer left? he gave her the biggest tip she ever had
                                                                                            this clown thing has gone too far i mean, he could very well became our commander in chief in a month or so.
                                                                                               "oh no. this sucks. i'm gonna put it in a movie." - hundreds of directors while watching 9/11, apparently
                                                            when someone asks me if i could hold their baby i immediately drop my phone, try to pick it up and drop it again twice, and then say "sure".
                                                                                                                                    brostache117, penguin_party12345, d3athfromab0v3x and thewakingforce
                                                                                                              this halloween, the only candy i'm interersted in swings from a pole and has daddy issues.
                                                                                                                     how man jews can you fit in a mercedes? a few thousand. they all fit in the ashtray
                                                                                                               who do you see winning the presidency in 4 years? i don't know, i don't have 2020 vision.
                                                                                     a girl asks a guy if she is wearing to much makeup. the guy responds. "depends, are you trying to kill the batman?"
                                                                                        mtv stopped having their "unplugged" specials because the shitty artists we have now can't play any instruments.
                                                                                                  whats the difference between a porcupine and a police car. a porcupine has it's pricks on the outside.
                                                                                                        [sees kid crying in the mall] "what's wrong?" "i'm lost." "you're in the mall you little idiot."
                                                                   my 6 year old has already asked me 4,327 questions this morning. i'm seriously considering getting another vasectomy just to be safe.
                                                            me: i cant tell you how to do everything. you need to figure out how to do things on your own 5yo: ok me:. 5yo:. me:. 5yo: how do i do that?
                                                                                                                          how do you know if a russian vampire is gay? if vladimir putin it in the butt.
                                                                  *proposes to girlfriend, accidentally dropping the ring in the ocean* "i'll still marry you" no. i'm married to the sea now *dives in*
                                                                                              a man said to me "hit me with your rhythm stick you four-eyed sod." that's just adding insult to ian dury.
                                                                                                              [using ouija board] why isn't he responding to us? i'm annoyed h i a n n o y e d i m d a d
                                                                                                                                                       where did the team get there uniforms? new jersey
                                                                                                     how does the consigliere get into the godfather's house late at night? with his own set of donkeys!
                                                                                                   who sang at the funeral of those who died in a railroads arson? adele. some one set fire to the train
                                                                                                            [waking up as an adult] what a beautiful day. i wonder what parts of my body will hurt today
                                                                                                                                           cannibals don't drink coffee. they have a cup of joe instead.
                                                                                                                                   when i heard that dr. heimlich died at age 96... i got all choked up.
                                                                                                    who are the fastest readers in the world? 9/11 victims. they went through 110 stories in 10 seconds.
                                                                 just did my taxes. put $420.69 on every line and 5 irs agents just showed up at my door with a keg, 3 strippers and giant foam fingers.
                                                                         what did the hs principal say when he accidentally got a math substitute to fill in for a chemistry teacher? whoops, wrong sub.
                                                           what can you tell your dog but not your girlfriend? sit down and beg there are a million answers to this. come on reddit, make my day better.
                                                                                                                                                      what do you call a friendly retard? a sweet potato
                                                                      i'll never understand why news reporters think they have to stand out in the rain or snow just to tell us it's raining or snowing.
                                                                                 bond, jamaal bond a black james bond?  wouldn't work, he'd be pulled over every 15 minutes for driving an aston martin.
                                                                                                                   how much does the average gay man ejaculate? i don't know but i hear it's an assload.
                                                                                                                                                                the crow was calling my name thought cah
                                                                                so i'm going to start a business offering landscaping, painting, moving and other handy man services called manuel labor
                                                                                                          two retarded people are having sex. i guess you could say they were going downs on each other.
                                                                                          you should never get married because it can only end in literally 2 ways; divorce or death! funny... but true.
                                                                                                                     someone needs to tell drug sniffing dogs about the whole "man's best friend" thing.
                                                       my grandmother used to tell us a joke... she'd say "knock knock", we'd say "who's there?". then she'd say "i can't remember"... and start to cry.
       mexican magician a mexican magician was known for his vanishing act. he would drape a sheet over his head and count: "uno! dos!"...........poof! the sheet fell flat. he was gone without a tres.
                                                                                                                                        prostate cancer **;** edit: *but seriously, cancer isn't funny.*
                                                                 if i had a dollar for every time someone over 40 told me my generation sucks... then i could afford a house in the economy they ruined.
                                                                                                     heroin use among horses have grown but finding the evidence is like finding a needle in a haystack.
                                                                                                    gotta be consistent about working under the influence so coworkers think you're naturally that weird
                                                        how many homeless people does it take to screw in a light bulb? zero. homeless people don't screw in light bulbs; they screw in cardboard boxes.
                                                                                                                                                      she like, literally died. ~white girls' headstones
                                                                                                                      who is the idiot that called it "possession of marijuana" and not "joint custody"?
                                                                                                                                                            how many seconds are there in a year? twelve
                                                                                                                                                 q: why does everyone love cats? - a: they're purr-fect!
                                                                   lassie once told me a boy fell down a well, but since no one else can speak dog i ignored it because i was building a furniture fort.
                                                                                                                                                        what started feminism? an unlocked kitchen door.
                                                                                                                                                          what do you call an italian yeti? a spaghyeti!
                                                                                                                                                          "i'm really more of a dog person." -- werewolf
                                                                                                                                                                                 r.i.p. 2013 (2013-2013)
                                                                                                                                       i spent all day replacing the muffler on my car it was exhausting
                                                                                                                                                           why is peter pan always flying? he neverlands
                                                                                                                                                  being human is ok, but i wish there were alternatives.
                                                                                                          using dog shampoo when i run out of cat shampoo because i ran out of human shampoo a week ago.
                                                                                            hamsters are a lot like cigarettes completely harmless till you light one on fire and place it in your mouth
                                                                                                    calling your baby ugly makes me rude? how about you making me look at your ugly baby makes you rude.
                                                                                                        what's a rancher's favorite sex position? doggy style. you can't really do much else to a horse.
                                                                         y'all hear the one about the clairvoyant midget that escaped from prison? the police are searching for a small medium at large.
                                                                                                   so bruce jenner might have been texting... does this make him a transtextual? ....i'll see my way out
                                                                                                     q: what do you call a credit union volunteer in a room full of bank directors? a: a superior being.
                                                                                                   that moment when you spell a word so wrong that even auto correct is like.... 'i've got nothing man.'
                                                                                                                                                    those men drinking battery acid will soon be charged
                                                                                                                                  what do they call the hunger games in japan? battle royale with cheese
                                                                                                       the courier delivered only half of my grizzly outfit today... so i choked him with my bear hands.
                                                                                                                    what's the dating scene like at mit? carbon-14 is the most common method, i believe.
                                        studies show that alabama, mississippi and tennessee have an obesity rate of over 30%. maybe they'll change their name from the bible belt to the loosened belt.
                                                                                                                                      cherry: i'm pregnant. tomato: what?! (origin of the cherry tomato)
                                                                                                                         we are young, we can do what we want, we can party all night, we can kill a guy
                                                                           what is the name of apple's revolutionary new product that allows elite pirates to see from their eyepatches. the ieyecaptain
                                                            a new bbc documentary accuses hitler of millions of dollars worth of tax evasion. man, the more i learn about this guy, the less i like him!
                                                                                                            what do the green bay packers and monica lewinsky have in common? they both like clinton-dix
                                                                                                                                                              what is a pirate's favorite element? argon
                                                                                                                                                                        how to ride an escalator step 1.
                                                                                                                                              what did the sea say to the beach? nothing, it just waved.
                                                                                                                           what do you get when you cross jesus and a couple of criminals? a good friday
                         [mysoginistic joke] what's the definition of the perfect woman? four feet tall, fold back teeth, flat head so you can rest your beer on it, and turns into a pizza at midnight.
                                                                                                                               why are orphans terrible baseball players? they don't know where home is.
                                                                                 my dog cant hear me yelling at him to stop chasing squirrels, but he can hear a damn cheese wrapper from 500 miles away
                                                                                          i may not be able to out run the zombies when they come, but this cheeseburger is going to make me taste great
                                                                                                                                   i wanted to make a joke about black people dads but i don't know any.
                                                                                                                                                 why did the girl spray her clock? it was full of ticks.
                                                                                                                      you'd be surprised at all the discounts you get when you come in swinging a sword!
                                                                                                                                            small cars are the best ones only smart people will get this
                                                                             a keyboard walks into a barbershop on the international space station "i just want an easy, short cut". then he hit the bar
                                                                                                                                     why did the pepsi executive get fired? he tested positive for coke.
                                                                                                                        knock knock jokes whoever invented knock knock jokes should get a no-bell prize.
                                                                                                                                     to be or not to be? that is the question. the answer? chuck norris.
                                                                                                                                        don't piss me off! i'm running out of places to hide the bodies.
                                                                                             i recently opened a company selling land mines disguised as prayer mats prophets are going through the roof
                                                                                                   what's with everyone being scared of clowns recently? americas already got two running for president.
                                                                                                                       what should you do when push comes to shove? learn to read. the door says "pull".
                                                                                                                                                            what's brown and rhymes with 'snoop'? dr dre
                                            your honor it was an accident! i had to run into  the fence to keep from hitting the cow! was it a jersey cow?  i don't know i didn't see her license plate!
                                                                   after seeing the disaproval of gay jokes i might as well say that handicap jokes are also horrible and rude. i just can't stand them.
                                                                                                            cop: you're under arrest me: no you are *cop arrests me* me: fine but next time it's my turn
                                                                                                hobbies include: 1. crying about the past 2. procrastinating in the present 3. worrying about the future
                                                                                                                                      how do crazy people go thru the forest? they take the psycho path.
                                                                lots of world leaders coming to dc. i hope obama's nuclear summit goes well. bush's nucular monster truck rally is a hard act to follow.
                                                                                        they don't treat the black people right. in our neighborhoods, they don't have banks -- they have check cashing.
                                                                                    you'd think by now the food network would have late night adult shows with roast beef, cream pies and salad tossing.
                                                                                            weighed myself. did elliptical for 30 minutes. weighed myself. half a pound heavier. never exercising again.
     i love my wife my wife told me that she wanted to give me a deepthroat blowjob today. "really!" i exclaimed. "no," she said, "april foogargagggrraggggle." that'll teach her to try and be funny...
                                                                                        why did the architect take so long to get started on his church blueprints? he couldn't decide what font to use.
                                                                                                                                                 i heard diaria is hereditary it runs through your jeans
                                                                                                         how many chains does it take to enslave a black person in the twenty-first century? two chainz.
                                 how do you congratulate the guy who won the best tie contest? you tell him... "that's definitely a win sir". or if he did ok you can say you half win sir i suppose. :/
                    i saw a blind man walking down the street one morning... i saw a blind man walking down the street one morning and as he passes by a fish market, he shouts "good morning ladies!!!"
                                                                                                q: what is the difference between dan quayle bill clinton and jane fonda? a: jane fonda went to vietnam.
                                                                                                                     waiter there is a maggot in my soup ! don't worry sir he won't last long in there !
                                                                                            when i'm too lazy to understand something, i simply label it as "pretentious" and move on. i am an american.
                                                      an eskimo walks into a bakery and orders an apple pie, a cherry pie and a blueberry pie. the baker says, "sorry, we don't serve eskimo pies here."
                                                                                                         and then god said, "let the women have feelings. a lot of feelings. like, all of the feelings."
                                                                      i had to remove the battery from my carbon monoxide detector the constant beeping was giving me a headache and making me feel sick
                                                                                                                      i always keep a water spray bottle next to my bed in case a cat burglar breaks in.
                                                                                                                                   "be careful when you follow the masses. sometimes the 'm' is silent."
                                                                 little mortie got a real surprise when he barged into his parents' room one night. "and you slap me for sucking my thumb?" he screamed.
                                                                   a brand-new cigarette says to a used cigarette -dude, you are a fag -umm, why? -i just saw five guys take turns in sucking your butt.
                                              a young boy's life changed when he found out he could shoot a white sticky substance only this young boy could also do it from his wrist. hello spiderman.
                                                                                                            "this is so wrong," i say excitedly, my heart racing, my hands trembling as i butter a donut
                                                                                                                                'i have a baby-sized dick' he said. he wasn't lying. 19 inches, 7.5 lbs.
                                                                                                                            a joke walks into a bar bartender says, "woah! i've never meta joke before!"
                                                                                                     it's too bad that everyone who has a solution for everything is at home commenting on the internet.
                                                            the les miserables sequel is so much better. hugh jackman has knives in his hands and fights a bunch of ninjas and shit. no singing at all!!
                                                                                                                                                why did freud hurt his shoulder? he made a freudian slip
                                                                                                             pulling out a winter coat and going through the pockets to find out who i was 8 months ago.
                                                                                                                                                what dog always gets on everyone's nerves? a great pane!
                                                                                                                       what's the big deal? gay people could always get married. just not to each other.
                                                                          old man's advice when you're young, she just takes your breath away, but once you're older, you realize she's suffocating you.
                                                                                                                           did you hear bruce willis tried to overdose on viagra? he wanted to die hard.
                                                              did you know that camels can last longer without water than sex? they can go three weeks without water, but can't go a day without a hump.
                                                                                 i sent the guy on the couch to the store for bread. i'll get 6 texts and a phone call and he'll come back with peaches.
                                                                                                      i went downtown today. i was really surprised to see that the stationary store had moved locations
                                                                                                                               what did the jihadist say when he had explosive diarrhea? allahpoo akbar!
                                                               [emergency] [super hero appears] guy: it's doesn't-understand-rhetorical-questions man. boy, am i glad to see you! hero: i...i don't know
                                                                                                                                        barack and george walked into the white house... hillary dodged.
                                                                                                                                  mickey mantle knew 2 things. drinking, and how to play drunk baseball.
                                                                                          cake day: how many scientists does it take to screw in a light bulb? response: i don't know, i'm no scientist.
                                                                                                                                    what's the problem with leptokurtic data sets? they tend to be mean.
                                                                                                 what's the difference a whore and a bitch? a whore will fuck anybody, a bitch will fuck anybody but me.
                                                          so a train runs over a woman... a train runs over a woman... who's fault is it? the train driver's because he was driving through the kitchen.
                                                                          i'm trying to see things from your point of view, but there's only room in your ass for one head, and yours is already there .
                                                                                                                             what is the theory behind brownian motion of sperms? it's testicle physics.
                                                                                                                                               what do you call an std for homeless people? hermit crabs
                                                                                                                                                           what's the most positive thing in africa? hiv
                                                                                                          [oc] what did the asian say when he saw a line at the local soup kitchen? ugh.... pho queue...
                                                                                               my doctor told me i had to stop masturbating. apparently it was making it difficult to complete the exam.
                                                                                                                             alcohol activates the "we need to take pictures now!" center of your brain.
                                                                                                                         i'm gonna open a pho restaurant that never closes! it's called twenty pho seven
                                                                                                                   machines in a casino do you know which machine is the most likely to pay out? the atm
                                                                                                                                                 i have a phobia of german sausages... i fear the wurst.
                                                                                                                             one of my friends recommend circumcision it wasn't all it was cut out to be
            if i had two number 9s for every gender that exists i would have two number 9s, a number 9 large, a number 6 with extra dip, a number 7, two number 45's, one with cheese, and a large soda.
                                                                                why do single women take advice from other single women? that's like stevie wonder giving ray charles driving directions
                                                          question: why do men always give their penis a name? answer: because they don't want a stranger making 95 percent of their decisions for them.
                                                                                                                                    the best things in the world are free - and worth every penny of it.
                                                                                                                    why didn't russia return the nsa whistleblower to the united states? he was snowden.
                                                                                                                                           q: how did the hot dog vendor tackle his job? a: with relish.
                                                                                    no matter how white-hot my rage feels, i have been unable to clear the snow off my driveway by giving it the finger.
                                                        hugh jackman i like to call hugh jackman, huge jackman because i imagine he has a big dick. when he masturbates, he would have a huge jack, man.
                                                                                                                            bought candy at the movies and suddenly i can't pay this months rent anymore
                                                                                                                           she died doing what she loved: looking at her phone while crossing the street
                                                                                                                                     i just heard a guy arguing with his oven. things got pretty heated.
                                                                                               hear about the blonde that got an am radio?  it took her a month to realize she could play it at night...
                             in a job interview "name?" "jjoon sttutuartt" "again please" "jjoon sttutuartt" "sir, are you a stutterer?" "no, my father stuttered, and the civil servant was an asshole"
                                                                                                                                                                             how long is a chinese name.
                                                              concerned that hanging my daughter's artwork all over the house is sending the wrong message. specifically that i think it's not terrible.
                                                                  i just found out my mum didn't know how to set the clock on their new microwave. so they stayed up until midnight & then plugged it in
                                                                                                                       why can't you hear a pterodactyl going to the bathroom? because the "p" is silent
                                                                                                                                         how did harry potter get down the hill?? walking .. jk rownling
                                                                                  i gave my dad a two handed high-five once when i was 10. i had to spend the next 12 years convincing him i wasn't gay.
                                                                                                                                                                     what does a rotting corpse say? idk
                                                                                               "hello, would you like to take part in a one-question survey?" "sure." "great! thanks for participating."
                                                                                                                        roses are red violets aren't ferns since i've been with you when i pee it burns.
                                                                     call your boring friend simon, "sighmon" he'll never know the difference and you can laugh about it with your cool bros over beers.
                                                                                     a man gets a quote tattooed on his dick. he goes home to his wife who says, "stop trying to put words in my mouth!"
                                                                                                                                                 what do you call a pompous piece of bread? a braguette.
                                                            surgeon: hold on, i just need to youtube this part of the procedure phone: *unskippable ad plays* nurse: he's dyin surgeon: ah crap, hold on
                                                             i sold all my lizards to buy my girlfriend a toyota tundra but she sold her drivers license to buy me a awesome obstacle course for lizards
                                                                                                                                                  anyone who believes in telekinesis... ...raise my hand
                                                                                                                                     what do you call a sheep covered in chocolate? a chocolate ba-a-a-a
                                                                                                            freddie crougar once impersonated chuck norris and that is the reason why we have nightmares
                                                             *asks soulmate* what is your dream car and why? minivan, because the sliding door <joining in> makes it easier for drive-by bazooka attacks
                                                                                                                                                     what do computers eat when they get hungry?  chips.
                                                                                                                                                                                    no, your illiterate.
                                                                                     if a baby like justin bieber is the face of teen angst and rebellion, then we've bubble wrapped our kids too tight.
                                                                                                                                                 so i got a new keyboard today.. q o poq  nq   s  s s pu
                                                                                                    the wikipedia's list of rape victims is incomplete... but don't worry! you can help by expanding it!
                                                                                                                                   my girlfriend disliked my obsession with japanese food sushi left me.
                                                                                                      anyone wanting to hide information from me should just put it in a spreadsheet and email it to me.
                                                                     magician: "think of a number." me: "okay." magician: "are you thinking of a number?" me: "yes." *the crowd goes wild with applause*
                                                                                          how can you tell if a blonde is having a bad day? her tampon is behind her ear, and she can't find her pencil.
                                                                                                                                           what did the vegetable say to the dj? lettuce turnip the beet
                                                          how did the captain of the u-boat announce to his crew that there were no more passports to go around? this sub has officially run out of ids.
                                                                                                                                                          what kind of photos do turtles take? shellfies
                                                                                                                                                           what did the muslim sonic say? gotta go fast.
                                                                                                                                        why did the sick eagle get deported? because he was an illeagle.
                                                                         i hate when homeless people beg me for money. no, buddy, i'm not giving you money to buy drugs. i need that money to buy drugs.
                                                                                                                        why do people post missing person posts on facebook? like we're going outside...
                                                                                                                                       why is the pharaoh a rare tuba player? because he toots uncommon.
                                                                                              got asked to help unlock a pdf file today... i said no way, we should be concentrating on locking them up!
                                                                                                                                            how does a group of dolphin's make a decision? flipper coin!
                                                                                                                               how did the constipated mathematician solve his problem? with a pencil...
                                                                                                   nothing adults love more than telling people how exhausted they are. it's like a sadness competition.
                                                                                                                                               why did the mexican push his wife off the bridge? tequila
                                                                                                                                                    what do you call a west african cricketer? he bowler
                                                                                                                               why did romeo and juliet break up? they were in a **toxic** relationship!
                                                                                                                              why did the yoga pants come in last place? they were bringing up the rear.
                                                                                                                                                         why there is no windows 9 because 7 8 9 heehaww
                                                                                                                                what do pavlov's dogs call storefront bell-ringers? the salivation army.
                                                                                             what do you get when you cross a mexican and a black man? someone who steals your job then doesn't show up.
                                                                                                                                        what did the jewish pedophile say? ay kid, go easy on the candy!
                                                                     me: we need some ham. her: i just bought a pound of ham yesterday. me: are you going to judge me, or are you going to buy some ham?
                                                                                                                                              how did the redneck find his sister in the woods? not bad!
                                                            [me, in a sting operation] can i buy your best stuff? drug dealer: what do u mean by stuff? *talking into my shirt* what do i mean by stuff?
                                                                                                                                                       started a new religion doesn't matter, had sects.
                                                                                                                                                         usain bolt is already in 2016. happy new year !
                                                                                                                        answering all the 'how r u' dm's with 'i got my period' is going surprising well
                                                                                     what's the difference between a yogurt and the americans? if you leave a yogurt for 200 years it'll grow a culture.
                                                                                                  one day you will meet someone so amazing in every way who will want absolutely nothing to do with you.
                                                                              i told my friend not to play pokemon go in india you won't just find a pikachu there, you'll also find a gang banging you.
                                                                david hume's 'dialogues concerning natural religion' was published after his death, or in other words... it was published posthumeously.
                                                                                                                                                       what do racists say during sex? "hard r! hard r!"
                                                                                                             "president trump, california is revolting!" "yeah, and they're also threatening to secede."
                                                                                                                     the older i get, the more my feet hurt. i guess it's true... time wounds all heels.
                                                                                                                           who cares about the new gta when you can sit down and enjoy the new testament
                                                                          you know you spend too much time with your kids when there's sesame street music in your head while mentally undressing women.
                                    santa, tooth fairy, easter bunny, a smart blonde and a dumb blonde.. are all around a $100 bill, who gets it? the dumb blonde, because the rest are all imaginary...
                                                                                                                                  if all women are crazy... then... you might as well pick a pretty one.
                                                             next on a spooky friends: ross invites new girl to halloween party but rachel shows up! witch one will he choose? phoebe dies of dysentery.
                                                                                                             yo mama so fat, when she fell over nobody was laughing... ...but the ground was cracking up
                                                               when life gives you lemons, worship the elder gods. take candy from a baby. drink from a trough of blood. who cares? none of this matters
                                                                                                                                                     i've got a job for victoria... well, *had* a job...
                                                                                                                               what do you call a lesbian dinosaur? (slightly nsfw) a lick-a-lot-a-puss.
                                                                                                                                  what do you get when you combine a dill pickle and a doughnut? a dildo
                                                                      avoid cars that have a sign saying 'baby on board'. that driver has only had a couple of hours sleep and is likely to be suicidal.
                                                                                                                                                             how do you get a red wine stain off a baby?
                                                                                                         boss: "late again i see" brain: think of a good excuse! mouth: "your moms late." brain: wow....
                                                                                                         why do jews only read the old testament? because they're too cheap to buy the new! *ba-dum-tss*
                                                             so i was coloring my few, grey hairs with a sharpie and hubby walked in. he told me, i'm the reason for warning labels on small appliances.
                                                                                                                                                        what kind of shorts do clouds wear? thunderwear.
                                     woman goes to a psychiatrist convinced her house is made of celery. psychiatrist tells her he's seen this sort of thing before ... it's called stalk home syndrome.
                                                                 i love it when you call me medium poppa! throw your hands in the air if you's a moderately attractive single lady with no kids or debt!
                                                                                       a photon stops at a hotel and is asked: "may i take your luggage?" he replies, "no, thanks. i'm traveling light."
                                                                                                             why did they hire the police department to design a new superconductor? "stop resisting!!!"
                                      i saw a skinny guy getting brutally beat up by 5 huge guys! i'm not the hero type, but still decided to help out. it felt good being on the winning side for once.
                                                                                                                                                            did you read that story on r/news? [removed]
                                                                                                                                how to you piss off a writer? the list off ways is to long too fit hear.
                                                            once prince dies there will be some freaky shit that comes out like he ate only butterflies or bathed in babies or something. mark.my.words.
                                                                                             if i use the bathroom at someone's house and they are out of hand soap, no more high-fives for that person.
                                            since we're at it: dating in your 30s is like registering a domain name... the good ones are all taken. but you can always get one from an exotic country...
                                       what's the difference between a hedgehog and a jeep? with the hedgehog the pricks can be seen on the outside and with a jeep the prick can be seen on the inside.
                                                            chopping onions i walked into the kitchen to see my dad chopping onions up. as soon as i saw him, i started crying because onions is my dog.
                                                                                                                                                  you want to see something intense? visit a campground.
                                                                                                why would you name your human child hunter? hunter is a profession. that's like naming your kid dentist.
                                                                                                  how are one night stands like savings accounts? ...you make a deposit, withdrawal, then lose interest.
                                                                                                                           [3 days into dieting] *sees ad for burger & fries* *drowns in his own saliva*
                                                                                                                                               what do you call the armed group in oregon? vanilla isis.
                                                                                       there are three types of people: 1. annoying people 2. annoying people i am sleeping with 3. people i haven't met
                                                                       *calls wife into the bedroom* *dims the lights* *turns on marvin gaye* *sexily sweeps toddler's collection of trucks off the bed*
                                                                                                                                    "hey girl... you a pokemon trainer?" because you make my wiggly tuff
         my wife left a note on the fridge that said "this isn't working i'm going to my mom's" i opened up the fridge. the light was on and the beer was cold. i'm not sure what she was talking about.
                                                                                                                                                     what are three signs old age? 1. becoming forgetful
                                                                                                                       what do you call 500 old white guys chasing a black man with clubs? the pga tour.
                                                                                                                              adult me: i wish i was a kid again. kid me: i wish i was a dinosaur! rawr!
                                                                                                                              how many tickles does it take to effectively tickle an octopus? tentacles.
                                                                                                         what is mario's favorite search browser? yyyyaaaahhhhhoooooooo!!!!!!!!!!!!!! (i will leave now)
                                                                                                                                                             how does moses make his coffee? he brews it
                                                                                                                                                          how do you fix a deaf car? with an engin*eer.*
                                                                              boy, are you a yellow sports car because i am embarrassed to be seen with you but i am very pleased with your performance.
                                                                                                         her idea of extending an olive branch was to sharpen one end first, then extend it really hard.
                                                                                                                                                      what's an anagram for banach tarski? ransack habit
                                                                                                                                                                      hypochondria? i think i have that!
                                                                                                                              just started listening to fall out boy. they're more than i bargained for.
                                                                                                                                             canadians pack your bags we have another immigration crisis
                                                     i just explained google to my granny. "pick anything to search for" i told her. "what about a nice cream pie?" she asked. "except that." i replied.
                                                                a dorito asks the doctor whether or not he's done the dna test to his son yet.... the doctor responds, "yes, i'm afraid he's nacho son."
                                                                it must be hard to be the fat kid in your classroom... and must be even harder for kim jong eun, who is the only fat kid in his country.
                                                                                                 what was the primary role of the aristocrats during the french revolution? they put their head into it.
                                                                                                                         have you heard about the man with five penises? his underwear fit like a glove.
                                                                                    i was arrested for washing my pants without taking the cash out of my pockets. they charged me for laundering money.
                                                                                                                                            a blind man walked past the fish store. he said "hi, girls."
                                                                                                                  driving on highway wife: you just missed a right. me: thanks babe  you just mrs right.
                                                                        [walks in to ups store holding rabid raccoon] hi my boyfriend said he wants to take a break so i'd like to ship him this please.
                         poland... poland - a country between russia to the east and germany to the west. if they piss russia off, they turn the gas off. if they piss germany off they turn the gas on.
                                                               [starbucks] me: [bursts in] there's a gunman at large barista: [shrugs] me: [sigh] there's a gunman at venti b: *grande screaming noises*
                                                                                    if i had a dollar for every woman that finds me unattractive... ...then after a while they would find me attractive.
                                                                                                                                       what is important in relationships? reflexivity and transitivity.
                                                                an englishman walks into a bar. in these stories there is usually an irishman, welshman and a scotsman, but they are still at the rugby.
                                                                                                                                                            "i prefer their older stuff" -archaeologists
                                                                                                         as a man, i honor christopher columbus every day of the year by refusing to ask for directions.
                                                                                                                   bill cosby is my inspiration he is always persistent and never takes no for an answer
                                                                                                              my dad was going out. he told me to watch the fire i said "no thanks, i've seen it before"
                                                             i ask myself, "how did i get here?," i'm sure my neighbors ask the same question every time they catch me in their house...taking a shower.
                                               with all the bad luck that the us has seen this year... you'd almost think this country was built on an ancient indian burial ground. happy thanksgiving!
                                                         solitary theoretical physicist proves solipsistic reality... unfortunately, he won't publish his research because he doesn't trust peer review.
                                                                                                                                                 if you are what you eat then i'm a cannibal. ba dum tsh
                                                                                                                          what's whitney houston's favorite type of coordination? haaaaaand eyeeeeeeeeee
                                                                                                                                            what happens when batman takes viagra? the dark knight rises
                                                                                                                                                   who is the biggest gangster in the sea ? al caprawn !
                                                                                                                  people who live in glass houses should pull the blinds before removing their trousers.
                                                                                                                                                                        the second best "asm" is "sarc."
                                                                                                                                 what do you call a black girl under age 30 named sarah? identity thief.
                                                                                      [me on a ledge] cop: (through megaphone) we've called someone who can help! *kris kross steps out of a police van*
                                                                                                                   why did the cross eyed teacher quit her job? because she couldn't control her pupils.
                                                                                                                                      i'm 5'3. i may be short but i have a huge personality....disorder.
                                                                                                                                             what do the japanese call a large apartment? an itssoroomy.
                                                                                                              two cannibals are eating a clown... one says to the other: "does this taste funny to you?"
                                                                                                             what's the difference between frenchmen and some toast? you can make soldiers out of toast!
                                                                                                                                               where does the zombie president live? in the wight house.
                                                                             my friend has just got back from africa and isn't feeling well he keeps buying raffle tickets. im worried he has tombola...
                                                                                                                                                        what does a cat go to sleep on ? a caterpillow !
                                                                                                                                                                    how moses makes his tea? hebrews it.
                                                                                                                                                                   what if the aliens were from uranus..
                                                                                                                          what's the difference between an enzyme and a hormone? i can't hear an enzyme.
                                                                                                                                      a wireless bra? they weren't tricky enough, now i need a password?
                                                                                                 what do a ww2 german soldier and an animal doctor have in common? they're both veteran-arians (wah wah)
                                                                             [hands over brown bag with 10,000 ransom] "now give me my wife." "this is short by 2.39" [hides mcflurry] "it's all i got."
                                                                                                                                                               once you go black... you're a single mom.
                                                                     i'd just like to say i called katy perry's popularity the first time i saw the "i kissed a girl" music video. also, i am tone deaf.
                                                                                                                                what did the blind man say when he passed by the fish shop? hello ladies
                                                                                                                          what did they do to the burger who thought he was a rooster? cook-a-doodle-do!
                                                            i've been getting fewer and fewer new followers but i'll be damned if i'm going to tweet something good just because some people have taste.
    a roger you say? my hot chinese neighbour told me she was desperate for a roger. it was only when i'd dropped my pants and got my cock out that i realised she meant someone to rent her spare room.
                                                                                                                                  started my own brewery kindof just pour root beer into square bottles.
                                                                                                                             please don't come to my garage sale if you've ever let me borrow something.
                                                                 i feel like i could beat a polygraph test every time i tell someone that i'll make sure to return the tupperware that the dish came in.
                                                                                                              what did the cashier say after handing down a wad of currency to dracula? "count dracula."
                                                                                                                   i told you i'm busy! who are you going to believe, me or the last 20 tweets i posted?
                                                                            what did the cornflake say to the other cornflake? hi cornflake. don't blame me... you clicked on it... what did you expect?
                                                                                                       the crazy thing about insurance is that the best case scenario is you've wasted a bunch of money.
                                                                 good morning guys! just ran 21 kilometers in 2.8 hours. really didnt know i could have done it. temple run is a really motivating game.
                                                                                       there's only one problem where tears are the solution... and that's forgetting to pack your contact lens cleaner.
                                                                   unless you're planning to lay there shirtless in an open casket, there really is no point to killing yourself with diet and exercise.
                                                               i can't tell if michael cera is actually an actor, or just an awkward guy who keeps wandering onto film sets and does his best to fit in.
                                                                                       i asked god for a bike but i knew it didn't work that way... so i stole a bike and asked for forgiveness instead.
                                                                                                        naming your child "roger" is fine, until you have to tell someone about it over a two-way radio.
                                                                                                                 if ekans is snake backwards and abroc is cobra backwards... what does that say for muk?
                                                                                                                                                          throwing acid is wrong. in some people's eyes.
                                                                                                  magicians in the future "i need a volunteer. hmm... yes, you! the attack helicopter in the red shirt!"
                                                                                                                                                i will be the first president who is openly mentally ill
                                                                                                                                        what do you call a waffle that burps too much? a belchin waffle.
                                                                                                                                                       dating tip: find a guy with a compatible charger.
                                                                                      why is diego's slogan "go diego go" it was the last thing his mother said before she got shot by the border patrol
                                                                                                     why did the blonde tip-toe past the medicine cabinet? she didn't want to wake the sleeping tablets!
                                                                   just picked up some cologne from the .99 cent store because chicks dig it when i smell like back child support and restraining orders
                                                                                                                                      getting married at 18 sounds a lot like leaving a party at 9:30pm.
                                                                                                   so i ordered the 50 cent at the bar last night... the bartender gave me 9 shots and took all my money
                                                                                                                                       if facebook changed "poke" to "stab" i would use it all the time.
                                                                                                                                             why did the chicken cross the road? to get away from tyson.
                                                                                                                 i don't understand why gyms have mirrors. i know what i look like. that's why i'm here.
                                      a man was in a supermarket.... and he saw a man. he went up to him and said "i know you from somewhere, are you famous?" the man replies "no no no... i'm famyou".
                                                                                                                                                   i can't watch the super bowl this year. it's all a li
                                                                                                                                                     knock knock. who's there? banana banana who? kevin!
                                                                           where do chicken strips find love? chicken tinder ~thank you, to popeye's louisiana kitchen's official instagram for this gem
                                                   christian bale won best supporting actor for playing a mentally unstable drug addict.and then charlie sheen was like, "you can get an award for that?
                                                                                                                          what did the thunder say when it understood the joke? i feel so enlightninged!
                                                                                                                                                         tifu by punching out my brother oops, wrong sib
                                                                                                  what's the difference between 100 dead babies and a lamborghini? you won't find a lambo in a landfill.
                                                                                                                              i love arguing with you so much, i'll bring a ouija board to your funeral.
                                                                                                                                              what do you call a mexican in trouble with the law juanted
                                                                                                                            mechanical bull rides are a good place to meet someone with busted genitals.
                                          johnny got back from drug rehab... ...and they asked did he managed to quit taking drugs. he said: "well, on one hand a i did, but on the other one i didn't."
                                                                                                                          a group of lingerie models were protesting they were met with stiff resistance
                                                                                                                                                why can't santa play in the nba? he has a no-trade claus
                                                                                                                                             what did the o say to the q? dude, your dick's hanging out.
                                                                                                                           i stayed up all night wondering where the sun had gone. then it dawned on me.
                                                                                                                     what's whitney houston's favorite kind of coordination? hand-eeeeyyyyyyyyyyyyeeeeee
                                                                                                                                          your mother's so fat... your father couldn't pull out in time.
                                                                                                                        remember when we thought "any kid can grow up to be president" was a good thing?
                                                                           a wife asks her husband, "does this dress make me look fat?" her husband responds, "no, that question makes you look stupid".
                                                                                                         i hope at my funeral someone has the foresight to bring a ouija board so i can live tweet hell.
                                                                    if someone calls me a sir one more time i will literally wear a top hat and a monocle and roll my eyes so hard you will not survive.
                                                                                                      what's the perfect name for a salon run by a couple of lesbian nuns? scissor sisters *ba-dum-tiss*
                                                                                                                                   who needs karate lessons when you can just have a bee near your head?
                the movie "noah" comes out this weekend. it follows the story of a family trying to survive god's wrath on a giant boat for months. or as that's more commonly known, a carnival cruise.
                                                                                                                                                      what kind of fence goes on strike? a picket fence.
                                                                                                                                       what do you call a penis and a potato on a boats? a dictatorship!
                                                                            perhaps you know why women over fifty don't have babies. they would put them down somewhere and forget where they left them.
                                                                                                                                                                                headphone jack [removed]
                                                                                                                                 where do cows go to hang out? the slaughterhouse. emphasis on **hang**.
                                                                                                                                                   what kind of bear is best? one that gets you an oscar
                                                                                                                                 shark who attacked surfer: "i was just trying to impress my girlfriend"
                                                                                            what's the difference between an epileptic cornhusker and a hooker with diarrhea? one shucks between fits...
                                                                                              my rich uncle just passed away so i recently came into some money but now the bills are all stuck together
                                                                                                                                                             the nfl just got a new official sponsor. v8
                                                                                                                                 do skunks celebrate valentine's day? sure, they're very scent-imental! 
                                      i am my own boss today i was in an auto when auto driver said: "i love this job... i am my own boss, nobody tells me what to do.." then i replied ""tern the left"
                                                              whenever a guy boasts he has a party in his pants, i always ask him to prove it. if he's not packin nachos, beer and m&ms, i'm going home.
                                                                                                                   i want to be a large, southern black woman who fans herself in church when i grow up.
                                                                                                            why do they call it a "waist"? because you could easily fit another pair of tits down there.
                                                                                                                                                                                           html my life.
                                                             julius caesar goes into a bar... ... and asks for a martinus. puzzled, the bartender asks, "do you mean a martini?" "no. just one, please."
                                                                                                                                  what would you call an uprising at charles xavier's school? a mutant-y
                                                                                       someone in the office keeps making decaf coffee & i've narrowed it down to that guy who never gets anything done.
                                                                                                                                                           google. filling the gaps in public education.
                                                            [lookin in bushes for our baby] me: where the hell can he be? dog: roof roof roof me: will you shut up [baby waves at the dog from the roof]
                                                               sure, everyone thinks a chubby dude in a diaper shooting people with a bow & arrow is cute until i do it at starbucks & please send bail.
                                                                                                                              the gas station air pump costs a dollar because air doesn't grow on trees.
                                                             well its a strange request "pleease" ok ok [doctor says test results again only this time in arnold schwarzenegger voice] its naht a toomah
                                                                                                                                                              what is hitler's phone number? 999-999-999
                                         i asked a black man on the street if he could come fix my speaker set up, since he must be good at fixing electronics. he told me i used the wrong stereo type.
                                                                                                     what do you get when you convince a gorilla to have sex with a pig? fired from the zoo, apparently.
                                                                                                                                                                   3 k's don't a right they make a white
                                                                                                                the dishwasher is making weird noises. probably because she's outside chopping firewood.
                                                                                               what did the farmer say when he heard the town gossiping about his cornfield fire? "my ears are burning!"
                                                             saw a kid crying in the grocery store. i opened a bottle of a1 and chugged it right in front of him. he stopped crying and started nodding.
                                                                                                                                         why did sally drop her ice cream? because a semi truck hit her.
                                                                                         the baker wouldn't finish telling me how he makes bread. he said that information was on a knead-to-know basis.
                                                                                       i'd make a political joke... but it's too soon, the dnc tried to force one on all of us and we saw how that went.
                                                                                 the first rule of thesaurus club is you do not talk about, name, hint at, refer to, discuss, or mention thesaurus club.
                                                                   it's a good thing the teenage mutant ninja turtles wore masks, or people might have recognized the 4 giant turtles at their day jobs.
                                                  a black man takes a girl home from a nightclub. she says "show me it's true what they say about black men" .... so he stabs her &amp; nicks her purse.
                                                                                                                                 what's 12 inches long and hangs in front of an ass? donald trump's tie.
                                                                                                                          oprah lost a fortune in the stock market. don't worry, she gained it all back.
                                                                                                                                      happy greek easter! which greek god loved to collect animals? zoos
   two calamari two calamari walk into a pub. bartender asks, "what'll ya have?" "we'll have a hurricane and a sex on the beach" says squid a. bartender pauses and says, "that'll be three squid then."
                                                                                                                                                     going to youtube with your vpn set to germany on :/
                                                                                                                                               toddlers run just like a 70s stuntman engulfed in flames.
                                                                                            dude told me he did a line with emma watson but i know he was lying - she's british, they call them "queues"
                                                               if shakespeare were alive today, he'd write a tragedy about the fate of the single french fry that comes with every order of onion rings.
                                                                                                                                                                               a blonde walks into a bar
                                                                                                                                                   why is rust on a car orange? because its true car-rot
                                                                                                                        hey parents with teenagers, the bottle of vodka in your liquor cabinet is water.
                                                                                                                        if the 2008 election was about hope and change, what is 2016? fear and loathing.
                                                                                                                                                    i like my drinks like i like my women with big cups.
                                                                                 i asked my girlfriend if looks and money were important to her when choosing a boyfriend... she said "clearly not." :-(
                                                                                                                                      i'll stop being so lazy when being so lazy stops being so awesome.
                                                                                              when i was young, my mom's sister used to bake me cakes with lots of icing and cream. she was a fond aunt.
                                                                                                                             i don't trust people with graph paper... they're always plotting something.
                                                      heard a good joke from a cam model. which country has the hottest cam bodies? nsfw a. cambodia. then she slapped her ass and started masturbating.
                                                                                                                                why do the kurds have no state of their own? they didn't get their whey.
                                      i asked my wife if it was still necessary to get her a card for valentines day even after 5 years of marriage. she said yes and the only card she wanted was visa.
                                                                                                                                                   mosquito's are like dirty used needles, that can fly.
                                                                                                                          it's friday night... so many innocent beers have no idea what's coming for em.
                                                                                                                how do you drowned a hipster? throw them in the mainstream. edit: spelling because i'm 5
                                                                                                                                   what do you get when you cross a stoner with a halo nerd? masterchief
                                              michael jackson has left behind has been so influential... ...but i think more than any other artist, his legacy has been influenced by his coloured past.
                                                                               over the internet, you can pretend to be anyone or anything. i'm amazed that so many people choose to be complete idiots.
                                                                             why has there never been an asian president? because they are taken to the hospital if the election lasts more than 4 hours
                                                                                                                               i tried to teach my penis how to type... but he's just a hunt and pecker.
                                                                                                                                                                        i don't like vacuums. they suck.
                                                                                                              the old farmer hates when the horses neigh at night. the weird noises give him night-mares
                                                                                                                                                              want to hear a funny joke? women's rights.
                                                                    grandma got ran over by a reindeer is my favorite song about how to incorrectly deal with the loss of a loved one during the holiday
                                                                                                                           what did the really ugly man do for a living ? he posed for halloween masks !
                                                                                    victim gets beat up, laptop stolen but that's not the whole story so if you see "charged with battery" don't buy it!
                                                                                                                                       according to this bathroom stall, my ex changed her number again.
                                                                                            why is it better to be a hooker than a drug dealer? because you can sell the same crack over and over again.
                                                                                                                                       neck tattoos: helping employers make hiring decisions since 1992.
                                                                                              detective: how did you get into counterfeiting? criminal: i answered an ad that said "make money at home."
                                                                                                                                              what do you do when you stub your toe? call a "toe" truck.
                                                                                           so what do you do for a living? "i'm in the secret service" wow, you didn't keep that secret too well did you
                                                             only 90s kids will remember this (picture of burning buildings in sarajevo) wait wait no (picture ofmass graves in bosnia) wait no. hold on
                                                                                                                                       i've only been wrong once, and that's when i thought i was wrong.
                                                                                                  what did batman say to robin? what did batman say to robin before they got in the bat-mobile? "get in"
                                                                     if singer/actor meat loaf got sick and refused treatment... the newspapers headline could be "meat loaf aday keeps the doctor away"
                                                                                          ios 6 to present black screen with a big blinking "no!" anytime someone tries to shoot video in portrait mode.
                                                                                                                         did you hear giuseppe went to the bowling alley last night? ebola perfect game!
                                                                                              yo mama so fat that when she puts on her  yellow rain coat and walks down the street people shout out cab!
                                                                       lost: bucket of sand, silt, and gravel great sedimental value. (i can't take credit. read it in a university paper 20 years ago.)
                                                                                                                               why did the hipster salmon not get to breed? he didnt use the main stream
                                                            when i was at the diner tonight my waitress had a black eye. when i ordered i ordered real slow because apparently she don't listen so good.
                                                                                                                                     you guys know i'm not one to brag, but my cooking is "to die from."
                                                                                                                                                     how does a psychic open a bag of chips? they tarot.
                                                                                                            f you think amazon always delivers what you ordered... then you've got another thing coming.
                                                                                                                                                          i reverse engineered a time machine... eureka!
                                                                                                                                    even the stick figure woman on my wife's back window has a headache.
                                       my dad was born with a conjoined twin he was the uncle on my dad's side. but don't worry, the doctors were able to separate them. now he's my uncle once removed.
                                                                                                                       did you hear ant man will be in captain america 3? i hear it will be a small role
                                                                                                                                                           food is like dark humour not everyone gets it
                                                                                                                                    what did the bull say to the green eyed cow? i can't get pasteurize.
                                                                                                                               *holding a glass of white wine with 2 hands like it's a mug of hot cocoa*
                                                                                                                   i could tell you a chemistry joke .....but i probably wouldn't get much of a reaction
                                                                                                                             i haven't spoken to my girlfriend in months. i don't want to interrupt her.
                                                             selfie stick - picture taking device used when the internet has made you so socially awkward you can't ask a stranger to take a pic for you
                                                                                                                                        want to hear a joke about paper? ehh, never mind. it's tearable.
                                                                                                    why did the terrorist kill his wife on their anniversary? she got him the wrong kind of blowup doll.
                                                                                                          my asian girlfriend refuses to go all the way with me... she's a real life chinese finger trap
                                                                                                                                        drinking remember, it isn't drinking alone when you're pregnant.
                                                                                                      i'm not saying you're a jackass but... you're the kind of guy who would buy anne frank a drum set.
                                                                                 my kid just told me all she wants for christmas is a bell so she can "make lots of money like the man outside walmart."
                                                                                         i've been dating a homeless women recently, and i think its getting serious. she asked me to move out with her.
                                                                                                          what does the world of politics have in common with my toilet? they're both clogged with shit.
                                                             *replaces cream in doughnuts with mayo, tries not to laugh as frank from accounting eats one...watches, waits, frowns as frank goes for 2nd
                                                                                                                   what did the jewish sun celebrate when he came of age? his star-mitzvah. (forgive me)
                                                                                                           i've drawn a cartoon picture of mohamed and signed it kim jong-un. let's see where this goes.
                                                                                                       does anyone know if isis is hiring? i heard they offer new hires a company cell phone and/or car.
                                                                                                       just heard that distinct "baby fell out of the crib and into a pizza that was on the floor" sound
                                                                                                                                               what do you call a canadian fish with no bones? phil, eh?
                                                                                       [fakes allergic reaction at dinner] me: i-i'm- [clutches chest & falls to floor] i'm gonna need you to pay for me
                                                                                                                                       q: where does a zookeeper hang his laundry? a: on a clothes lion.
                                                                                                                 i asked my wife for an audio book and she got me an encyclopaedia. that speaks volumes.
                                                                                                               why do black people like basketball? because it invovles running, shooting, and stealing.
                                                                                                                                                    why did the lemon go sour? because it had lemon-aids
                                                                                                                                                                                    a amish scientist...
                                                                                                                                       what happens when the smog rises in los angeles...? . . . . ucla.
                                             i'm training for a marathon with my friend. every day when we hit the trails he tells me the same thing, and it always makes me laugh. it's a running joke.
                                                                                                                              the real danger of running with scissors is that a rock might fall on you.
                           i think it's a shame that young people today no longer even know why we celebrate halloween. none of us would be here today if jesus hadn't slain that fucking giant pumpkin.
                                                                                                                             i have a really bad phobia of speed bumps... but i'm slowly getting over it
                                                                                                          did you hear about lance armstrong having a threesome? he was killing two birds with one stone
                                                                                      if snow white can trick 7 men into supporting her, then i'm sure i can find at least one sucker to do that for me.
                                                                                                what did dr.dre say to lil wayne? nothing, you idiots! dr. dre's dead, he's locked in eminem's basement!
                                                                   what did lincoln say on the last night of his life? "aw shit mary, i need to go see a play tonight like i need a hole in the head..."
                                                                                                                                                     if your mouse doesn't work, what is it? unemployed.
                                                                                                              a new girlfriend asked me "how did you manage to stay single for so long?" single handedly
                                                                                                                             i like my rum like i like my women twelve years old and mixed up with coke.
                                                                                                            my "15 minutes of fame" are when i get my paycheck and everyone i owe money comes to collect
                                                                                                                                     why don't jews eat pussy? because it's too close to the gas chamber
                                                                                                                                if you're going to ride my ass at least pull my hair and make me scream!
                                                                                                                                                                        passwords 123456 abcdef password
                                                                                how many firemen does it take to change a light bulb? four - three to cut a hole in the roof and one to change the bulb.
                                                                                                                                 what kind of cat should you take into the  desert ? a first aid kitty !
                                                                                                                                               i think i'm allergic to cats. they give me stomach aches.
                                                                                                                          why can you only drown a hipster in a tributary? because, it isn't mainstream.
                                                             [interview] boss: any special skills? me: skills? boss: like strengths me: oh right. i'd say my vocabulary boss: hm... me: that means words
                                                                                                                                           why is peter pan always flying? because he never never lands!
                                                                           who are the fastest readers in the world? 9-11 victims, they went through 104 stories in 7 seconds i hope this isn't a repost
                                                               having to get just a cucumber at the store can be awkward. especially if you panic & say, "it's not what you think, it just for a salad."
   my loose coins falls on the floor of my bedroom daily, often without my knowing. it just sits there for weeks sometimes until i pick it up. i guess you could say i have a hard time handling change.
                                                                                                  at a restaurant i thought a family was praying at the table but then i realized they were all texting.
                                                                                                              the last airline i flew charged for everything. except for the bad service. that was free.
                                                                                                                 it's really crazy that you don't hear a round of applause every time you order a salad.
                                                                                                                                   if someone tells you to spell part backwards don't do it it's a trap!
                                                      i asked a chinese girl for her number..... she said, "sex! sex! sex! free sex tonight!" i said, "wow!" then her friend said, "she means 666-3629."
                                                                                                     my ex got drunk and left me at a bar so i called the police and reported a drunk driver.. #topahole
                                                                                                                                      the bible is 100% accurate. especially when thrown at close range.
                                                                                                                                       what is the biggest crime committed by transvestites? male fraud.
                                                                    damn boy! are you a slinky? cause i wanna wanna push you down a flight of stairs, then kick you when you stop halfway to the bottom.
                                                                          my roommate broke my favorite russell crowe dvd, and she was eaten by a crocodile shortly after. i'm actually kinda gladiator.
                                     wife at dinner party: "my husband is always calling me sarah palin" guests: "that's funny, why does he call you sarah palin?" wife: "because he hates sarah palin."
                                                                                                            the internet at my school went out today looks like kim kardashian finally achieved her goal
                                                                                                                      abraham lincoln. the reason i now have to hire a dishwasher instead of buying one.
                                                                                                                                                   what kind of database does a pokedex use? pokemongodb
                                               what's the difference between russian football fans and an old drunkard in a bar at closing time? kicking the old drunkard out won't start world war iii.
                                                                                                                                        i got so drunk last night i blew chunks! chunks is my dogs name.
 as an american of chinese decent, i offered my services to help trump to build his wall. he replied that he didn't think it would be a good idea for me to build the barrier in my own internment camp.
                                                                                                                          to be fair to justin bieber if i had more than $75 i would act the way he does
                                                                                 what do you call a black, seafaring plunderer? pirate. unless you're a clever racist, then you might've said "nigarrr".
                                                                                                    how does a black girl know she's pregnant when she pulls out her tampon the cotton is already picked
                                                            oil the single ladies oil the single ladies oil the single ladies oil the single ladies if you liked it then you should have put a rig on it
                                                                                                                                                             you may be able to drive but do you avocado
                                                                                                                                 what does "idk" mean? i keep asking people, but they don't know either.
                                                              [spelling bee] your word is "coincide" -could u use it in a sentence? sure: when the nickel murdered the penny it was a case of "coincide"
                                                               i'm definitely the most successful guy in this dollar store. oh, wait. that guy has a tuxedo t-shirt. i'm the second most successful guy.
                                                                                                                                                       i wanted to be a banker but then i lost interest.
                                                                                                                                 scientists are now saying they may never discover what linkedin is for.
                                                                   what do women and hurricanes have in common? when they come, they're wet and wild. when they leave, they take your house and your car
                                                                                                                                                 tomatoes grow so fast. other plants can't even ketchup.
                                                                                                                                 why is the mars rover banned from pet stores? curiosity killed the cat.
                                                                                                                            vegetarian curry is like lesbian sex. same amount of heat, none of the meat.
                                                                                                                                                      what kind of bear likes the rain? a drizzley bear.
                                                            hello everyone this is your pilot speaking. if u look out the windows on your left youll see some fish. this is the worst ive ever messed up
                                                              a 6-month wait when filing for divorce, but only a 15-day wait when buying a gun. i think the solution for relationship problems is clear.
                                                                                                                                                         what do you call an asian prostitute? chinese-y
                                                                                     why did the buddhist refuse novocaine when he went to get a tooth pulled? he wanted to transcend dental medication.
                                                                                            what's the difference between a gay guy and a fridge? the fridge doesn't fart when you take out the sausage.
                                                                                                                                               why does the avon lady walk funny? because her lips stick
                                                                                                        girl, you're like my iphone... i just wanna tap you the night away, without any regards of time.
                                                                                                         if god had wanted you to talk more than listen, he would have given you two mouths and one ear.
                                                                                                                                                  where do eskimos train their dogs ? in the mush room !
                                                                                          the best thing about being deaf. the best thing about being deaf is that all genres of music sounds fantastic!
                                                                 her: i saw this yoda pen & i thought of you. me: why? you think i'm 8 or something? her: no, sorry... me: hey, hey, hey! leave the pen.
                                                                                                                                                     the problem with some people is that they're alive.
                                                                                                              *swims up to girl in pool* so do you.. actually this is quite deep jesus *just disappears*
                                                                                             why did the thoughtful father buy his six children a dachshund? he wanted a dog they could all pet at once.
                                                                          if you're a chick who says "chivalry is dead" i hate to be the one to tell you, but its only dead for you because you're ugly.
                                                                                                                                                       bernie sanders is elected president &lt;/joke&gt;
                                                                                                                               i never knew the word "mom" could even have 7 syllables until i had kids.
                                                                                                                                           a one liner tried to catch some fog yesterday.....but i mist.
                                                                                                                      if you are under 18 years old please unfollow me, i have underwear older than you.
                                                                     i'm handsome if sex with three people is a threesome, and sex with two people is a twosome, it's no wonder people call me handsome.
                                                                                                    when i will die... when i will die, i want my last words to be : "i hid 1 billion dollars in the..."
                                                                                                                   i'd like to apologize... to anyone i have not offended. i'll be with you momentarily.
                                                    ford cars and anal.. if you replace ford with anal you will get some interesting results. anal explorer anal fiesta anal focus anal flex anal fusion
                                                                                  these quad copters just can't seem to leave the news... the media and hobbyists just keep droning on and on about them
                                                                                                          what was the score of the lobster soccer game? zero to zero. lobsters can't kick soccer balls.
                                                                                                                               why can't you trust a lithium ion battery? because they're always li-ion!
                                                                                                                                           what is the difference between a soap and a jew? there isn't.
                                                                dont look at my username. you looked, dint you? dint i tell you not to? dont you have any control? any control? you stoopid?.... get it?
                                                                                                        "my what big teeth you have! also you're grey and furry and clearly a wolf... i'm not retarded."
                                                                                                                            mr peg, my digital photography teacher, just passed away. rest in peace jay.
                                                                                                     build a man a fire, he is warm for a day. light a man on fire, he is warm for the rest of his life.
                                                              *stops walking* wait, i think there's a stone in my shoe *takes off shoe, shakes it upside down* *mick jagger hits the ground with a thud*
                                                                        marriage has taught me that communication is key. i talk to my therapist & she talks to hers. its not perfect, but its progress.
                                                                                                                                     you know what i call a tube that comes with a caulk? a caulk block.
                                                                                 my boyfriend said it would be nice if once in a while he woke up to breakfast in bed... i put his bed in the kitchen...
                                                                                                                 q: what's faster than a black man stealing a t.v? a: his brother running with the v.c.r
                                                                                                 why do male midgets laugh so hard when they play football ? it's because the grass tickles their balls.
                    a wife gets naked ...and asks her husband, 'what turns you on more! my pretty face or my sexy body?'  husband looks her up and down for a moment and replies, 'your sense of humor.'
                                                                                                                       a man got hit in the head with a drink... it's okay, though; it was a soft drink.
                                                                                                                                                           what has teeth but no mouth? a comb or a saw.
                                                                                                                                           [oc c/o my 9 y.o.] what holds up a bowl's pants? suspoonders!
                                                                                                                       what happened to the runny nose... it tripped and fell. now it's all boogered up.
                                                                                                                      you know why most americans love minions so much? because they resemble twinkies..
                                                                                                                                              why are lesbians bad cooks? because they always eat out...
                                                                                                                can somebody help me debug malaysian flight simulator? it keeps crashing unexpectedly :/
                                                                                         why do they like to watch star wars on the big screen on aircraft carriers? they're all about force projection.
                                                                         what's your favorite racial (but not racist) joke? how many south americans does it take to screw in a light bulb? a brazilian!
                                                                                                                       why would you never want to go to a gay bbq? because the hotdogs taste like shit.
                                                                                                                                 losing your phone is the adult version of having your balloon fly away.
                                                                                                                                                                      want to hear a joke? windows vista
                                                                                                                                                     why do pirates prefer black women? they love booty.
                                                                                                            before snapping your neck, chuck norris will tell you the best shampoo you should have used.
                                                                                                                                                   horses are nice, they're like motorcycles you can pet
                                                                                              when i'm driving i listen to the country station because it makes me want to get to my destination faster.
                                                                                                                                                       epic camping trip last weekend!! it was in tents.
                                                      a slut's prayer: as i lay down with this creep, i pray he sticks it in real deep, if he comes before i do, i'll have to  f*ck his best friend too.
                                                    if a male asks another male for assistance helping him put on a particular piece of clothing, what is it? a brotie. ......(i know this joke was bad)
                                                                                                                                                                       humor: the only thing i like dry.
                                                                                                                                                           my first name is not damn signed, autocorrect
                                                                                                                                       what do you get when you throw a baby against a wall? an erection
                              a little boy came running into the kitchen.  'dad dad' he said 'there's a monster at the door with a really ugly face' 'tell him you've already got one' said his father !
                                                                                               john goodman descends from the sky on his hang glider, scooping stray cats into his mouth like a pelican.
                                                                               went by the bank today and the female teller was flirting with me which was weird considering she saw my account balance.
                                                                               tomorrow you'll be able to stop hating people for their political views and go back to hating them for their personality!
                                                                                                                                                                             how long is a chinese name.
                                                                                                                                              last night i was so drunk i blew chunks. chunks is my dog.
                                                                                                                                      what's the definition of a will? come on guys it's a dead giveaway
                                                                                                                                                if her age is on the clock then she's ready for the cock
                                                                                they're making a movie about a kamikaze pilot who wants to assassinate a catholic priest it's called "aryan vs predator"
                                                                                you know what bothers me? when people assume you're homeless cause you're asleep on the street and your pants are gone..
                 here's the one way to avoid clickbait (screw the other op!). [click here for the truth!](http://www.reddit.com/r/jokes/comments/2tjg13/heres_the_one_way_to_avoid_clickbait_screw_the/)
                                                                                                                    where do guys go when they want to get their penis sized and fitted? the cocktailor.
                                                                                                                                                    coffee- let's do this shit weed- don't be ridiculous
                                                                 i don't think of women as just nice tits, a sweet ass, a pretty face or any single one of their parts... ... i think of them as a hole.
                                                               crap happens called in sick to work cause i had a stomach ache and felt constipated. got fired. couldn't give a crap even if i wanted to.
                                                                                                               lust is not real love and domino's is not real pizza but both are fine when you're drunk.
                                                                                                                                   what austrian girls and wine have in common? both mature in a cellar.
                                                                                                                                            mad respect to people who can stop eating when they're full.
                                                                                                                                                what does dna stand for? national dyslexic's association
                                                                                                                          i used to throw gang signs... but then my mom saw me and made me pick them up.
                                                                                            mother: my goodness, jerry, who gave you that black eye? jerry: no one gave it to me. i had to fight for it!
                                                                                   i had this one night stand, and the next morning i felt so guilty i bought another one for the other side of the bed.
                                                                                                                                     what a weekend... apparently gonorrhea is not a girl's best friend.
                                                                                                                        i really gotta start saying "congratulations" i instead of "are you keeping it?"
                                                                                                                                                    statistically... 9 out of 10 people enjoy gang rape.
                                                                                 the spider in my shower was probably relieved to get washed down the drain after the view of me he got from that angle.
                                                                                                                      which is more stable, a hamburger or a steak? hamburger, it's in the ground state.
                                                                                                                                                  i like girls who don't study. because they want the d.
                                               what's the difference between a bitch and a whore? a whore sleeps with everybody at the party, and a bitch sleeps with everybody at the party except you.
                                                                                                                                            how many feminists does it take to screw a vegan? lightbulb.
                                                                                                                   what do they say about podiatrists? it's a really big feet to become one. ^hehehehehe
                                                                                                                                              viagra shipment stolen... hardened criminals on the loose.
                                                                                                                                                      i'm gonna make you .org until you .com everywhere.
                                                                                                                                        what's the difference between snowmen and snow women? snowballs.
                                                                                                                    why do the homies call their friend paragraph? because he's too short to be an essay
                                                                                                                                                      what do you call a former lacrosse player? ex lax.
                                                            i just saw a lit up 'noel' x-mas decoration on top of a house and noticed the 'l' was missing, so i thought to myself, 'look, there's no l.'
                                                                                                                  a lady came up to me in the middle of the street asking for help so i gave her my aids
                                 when asked about the future of artificial intelligence.... some people say it will be a catastrophic cataclysmic calamity.... and some people say that's what she said.
                                           the fish said to the... no the fish over heard... dammit that's not it... okay i had a really good fish joke but forgot it, be patient walleye think it over.
                                                                 date: do u have any allergies? me: i'm allergic to raisins. they make me cry d: that's an unusual reaction m: they could've been wine!!
                                                                                accidentally deleted an invitation to join linkedin from a friend. i doubt i'll ever get an opportunity like that again.
                                                                                         what do blacks and bicycles have in common? take off the chain and both stop working. going straight to hell :)
                                                                                                                                    i swear babe, i'm a virgin, it must be a miracle. *joseph rolls eyes
                                                                                                                            wife a wife is like a hand grenade. remove the ring, and your house is gone.
                                                                                                                 if donald trump and hillary clinton ended up in a car crash who would be saved? america
                                                                                                                                 i'd make a joke about albinism but... i'm afraid it would be off-color.
                                                                                                                  what do you use to determine if a refrigerated  burger is cold enough? a thermomeater!
                                                   why was jesus crucified instead of stoned? so catholics could do this [makes the sign of the cross], instead of this [bangs self in head with fists].
                                                                                i swallowed two strings by accident, and when i finally passed them they were miraculously tied together i shit you knot
                                                                                                                                         as a parent, the only warm meal i get around here is ice cream.
                                                                                              my girlfriend and i joke about which of us is more competitive. but, i joke about it waaaay more than her.
                                                        my cookies fell in the toilet... [nsfw] my cookies fell in the toilet. picked them up like a boss. proceeded to eat them. they tasted like shit.
                                                                 if your kid is having nightmares & keeps getting in bed with you in the night, a great solution is to go to sleep in full clown makeup.
                                                                                                        what does a pencil have in common with marijuana? if it doesn't make you look smart, it's blunt.
                                                                                                               nothing sexier than a subway sandwich artist spreading tuna salad with an ice cream scoop
                                                                                                    what's the difference between a brothel and a circus? your mother never ran away to join the circus.
                                                                                                                annoy your wife by saying "wow" every time a chick gets out of the limo on the bachelor.
                                                                                                                my grandad was killed by a zulu he was having a shit in london zoo and the roof fell in.
                                                                                                           three blondes walk into a building.... you'd think that one of them might have saw [seen] it.
                                                                                                                                                                       say what you want about pacifists
                                                                                                          how many economists does it take to change a lightbulb? depends on the supply and demand curve
                                                                                                       if i had a dime for every time a homeless person asked for money, i'd still say no. - bo burnham.
                                                                                                                     why is cod: infinite warfare set in space? because no one on earth wants to buy it.
                                                                           watching the olympic 100m is like witnessing a crime you hear a gunshot and a second after you see 8 black guys running away.
                                                                                                                                              why did the religious bull get mad because he had a bi-son
                                                                                                                  sometimes i really think about killing myself. i don't. but i *really* think about it.
                                                                       what's the difference between being erotic and kinky? erotic is when you use a feather. kinky is when you use the whole dam bird!
                                                                                    q: when did clinton's friends become sure that he had political ambitions? a: when he married outside of his family.
                                                                                                                                                                                       whats 1+0? babies
                                                                                                                                                  who do grammar nazis hang out with now? the alt-write.
                                                                                                             yeah that chicken's free range. i just freed that shit onto my range. some in the oven too.
                                                                                                                 i hate it when girls say the wrong name during sex they know my name isn't someone help
                          my daughter hit me with this one while preparing for dinner why did the table love playing volleyball? because it was always getting set! i think she gets it from her mother.
                                                                                                   weirdest smashing pumpkins remix video nsfw while i was chubbin' i found this and laughs tears of cum
                                                                                                                                 how do you know that your gynecologist is nearsighted? his nose is wet.
                                                                                                                            what do you call a white girl with a yeast infection? a cracker with cheese.
                                                                                                     i asked a new zealander how many sexual partners he'd had he started counting but then fell asleep.
                                                                                                                 my dog used to chase people on a bike a lot. it got so bad i had to take his bike away.
                                                                                                                                         so a blind guy walks into a fish market... and says hello ladys
                                                                     a priest, blonde, jew, black guy, chinese guy, and a gay guy walk into a bar. the bartender asks "what is this, some kind of joke?"
                                                                                                                                  i recently learned diarrhea is genetic... yeah, it runs in your genes.
                                                                                                                    i wrote a status about unemployment earlier, but didn't post it. it needs some work.
                                                                                                                                    why couldn't the two testes be friends? because of the vas deferens.
                                                                                                                                    what kind of a belly button does a german car mechanic have? an audi
                                                                                                                                     what is the fluid capacity of monica lewinsky's mouth? 1 us leader.
                                                                                                                                                                what do you call jokes about bread? buns
                                                                                                                                              i have been single so long, i can finish my own sentences.
                                                                                                                       your secrets are safe with me, because i probably wasn't listening to begin with.
                                                                     posting a joke on reddit is like going to a bar once in a while you get lucky, but most of the time you just ruin your self esteem.
                                                                     so in 2016 i've decided to leave all the negative people behind. so im sorry if i owe you money because im moving on from that now.
                                                                                                                                                                  2+2=5 for extremely large values of 2.
                                                                                                why do buzzards prefer to fly? because they really like their carry-on..... yeah total dad joke, i know.
                                                                                                                                      q: how can you make a slow horse fast? a: don't give him any food.
                                                                                                                                          a cheese factory just exploded... there was de-brie everywhere
                                                                                                                                                           how do rednecks celebrate halloween? pump kin
                                                                                                                                                                      how do you cure depression? a gun.
                                                                                                  my wife divorced me after years of daily penis enlargement surgeries. she couldn't take it any longer.
                                                                          how do you tell the difference between an electrician and an electrical engineer? ask them to pronounce the word, "unionized".
                                                                                             so my doctor told me i need to stop eating so much... but i don't think i can just quit eating cold turkey.
                                                             closing all the internet windows by the time your boss gets to your desk is like getting the keys into the door before the killer gets you.
                                                                                                                                                    that new movie, daja vu... haven't i seen it before?
                                                                                                                              opportunity knocked today, but just to inform me that he's a sex offender.
                                                             riding a donkey if you are riding on a donkey and someone throws rocks at you til you fall off, does that mean you are stoned off your ass?
                                                                                             food fact: pringlestm are actually shavings from the allpringletm, which resides in the center of the earth
                                                                                               give a toddler a crayon and he will eat that crayon. teach him how to color and he will eat more crayons.
                                                                                                                   did you hear about the constipated math teacher? he had to work it out with a pencil.
                                                                            went on a trampoline with my 1 year old and learned that if you jump just right it unfortunately turns into a baby catapult.
                                                                                                                                                        three guys walk in to a bar... the 4th one ducks
         lawyer: "now that you have been acquitted  will you tell me truly? did you steal the car?" client: "after hearing your amazing argument in court this morning i'm beginning to think i didn't."
                                                                                            given how many times they've been screwed by hurricanes, it's time to change the name of the virgin islands.
                                                                                                                                         what do you call a stoner with down's syndrome? a baked potato.
                                                                                              i kicked my wife off the bed when she was fast asleep to show her the man of her dreams couldn't save her.
                                                                                                                                                      where do you find a paraplegic where you left them
                                                                                                                                 where were you i have been waiting for half an hour. said no girl ever.
                                                                                                             [backstage at gop debate] aide: mr. trump needs his hair. cat: i'm puking as fast as i can.
                                                                                                                   cop: could you please describe the man who tried to kill you me: yeah he was not nice
                                                                                                                                                                    men in black men #addawordruinamovie
                                                               me: did you finish the banana bread? 16: yep me: great, because it was actually a healthy zucchini bread. 16: this house is full of lies!
                                                                                               then god said, "let there be internet drama"; and there was internet drama. and god saw that it was good.
                                                                                                                                                          gay jokes aren't funny! i mean...come on guys!
                                                                                   i thought my vasectomy would keep my wife from getting pregnant but apparently it just changes the colour of the baby
                                                                       it was a sad day when i discovered... my new universal remote control does not, in fact, control the universe. not even remotely.
                                                                                   i once accidentally sent a dick pic to everyone in my address book. it was embarrassing and cost a fortune in stamps.
                                                                                                                                         do you know how jewish birds chirp? cheap, cheap, cheap, cheap!
                                                                                                                                                     jesus came to me the other night please let me out.
                                                                                                  call me a little softy... but i'd rather you call me a man with a small penis and a flagging erection.
                                                                                                                                                     q: what kind of snake is good at math? a: an adder.
                                                                       when i know i've posted a great tweet, i walk away from my phone in slow motion like i'm jason statham walking from an explosion.
                                                                                                                                                            "it's not you, it's me." - humidity, to heat
                                                                                                                                                   what's a narcissistic hooker's favorite state? idaho.
                                                                                                                           do i like like a fan to you? because you seem so much cooler when i'm around.
                                                                                                                                 what do you call a stock market crash in japan? the "my yen" apocalypse
                                                                                                                                              how does a welshman find a sheep in tall grass? attractive
                                                                                                                       how is a fat woman like a scooter? she's fun to ride until your friends find out.
                                                                                                                     why didn't the boxer cross the road? he didn't want to be part of a bad punch line.
                                                              [strip to the waist for my fight club debut] opponent: "dude they meant the top half" *walks away* [i claim victory and retire undefeated]
                                                                                                               do/be to do is to be. -descartes to be is to do. -voltaire do be do be do. -frank sinatra
                                                                                                                                                                          my iq? with google or without?
                                                                                                                                          you get to sleep all day, cat, that's why i get the good food.
                                                                                                                                                       statistically 9 out of 10 people enjoy gang rape.
                                                                                                                 what do parsley and pubes have in common? you push them out of the way and keep eating.
                                                                                                                                          why did the banana go to the hospital? it wasn't peeling well.
                                                            9: mom! where's my spiderman costume? i want to wear it to the science museum "in your closet, why?" 9: duh. to attract radioactive spiders!
                                                                                                                    what do you call a bad circumcision? what do you call a bad circumcision? a rip off.
                                                                                                                 "who are we?" "women!" "what do we want?" "we don't know!" "when do we want it?" "now!"
                                                                                                                                                 how did the burglar get into the house? intruder window
                                                                                                                                     what does mr. kipling do in his spare time? pumps cream into tarts.
 i was surprised to read that an african doctor treating ebola patients had died from the disease. surely he could have stayed a safe distance from the patient while he danced and waved his magic b...
                                                               at the store & asked for 50 condoms. 2 girls behind me started laughing. i turned around & looked them in the eyes and said, "make it 52"
                                                                                                              i stayed up all night, because i wanted to see where the sun went... then it dawned on me.
                                                                                      accidentally ran into my ex in town the other day and then purposely put the car in reverse and ran into her again
                                so chris brown and rihanna are now engaged and they have a song together called "ain't nobody's business." well, i just  wrote my own song called, "ain't nobody cares!"
                                                                                                                        two fish swim into a concrete wall. one fish turns to the other and says, "dam."
                                                                                                                                   did you hear about the emotional wedding? even the cake was in tiers!
                                                                                                                                            what are mario's overalls made out of? *denim, denim, denim*
                                                                                                                  computer: do you trust this device? me: why? is there something you're not telling me?
                                               called to my managers office today he said "you can't wear pyjamas to work you idiot!" i replied " everyone else does though" he replied "their patients"
                                                                                                                                      whats the difference between facebook and reddit? about two hours.
                                                                                                                                         what sex position creates the ugliest children? ask your mother
                                                                                                                                           i like my women how i like my milk... rich, white, and 2% fat
                                                                                                                                                      what's another name for a necrophile? a dissexual.
                              yesterday my dad told me if he saw me on the computer latenight again... he would smash my head into my keyhdjbdvxhjjdklxuxbgshdjcmcngxcndnckconcbcjxndbcjcjkxndjdhhshdbdn
                                                                                     what's the difference between a white jew and a black jew? the black jew has to sit in the back of the gas chamber.
                                                                                                                                      jokes about unemployed people aren't funny they just don't work...
                                                                      so the other day i tried to bring 2 dead raccoons on an airplane... but the lady at the desk told me a second carrion costs extra.
                                                                                               my grandad let me in on the secret to picking up hot jewish girls during wwii.. with a brush and shovel..
                                                                                     they say gay marriage will ruin the fabric of society... ...which is ridiculous, a gay man would never ruin fabric.
      lunatic escapes from an asylum, goes to a launderette where he rapes three women before running off into the woods. next morning's newspaper headlines read.... # **nut screws washers and bolts**
                                                                                                                             my cousin couldn't pay the church for her exorcism so they repossessed her.
                  a screwdriver walks into a bar... the bartender sees it and shouts out, "hey! we have a drink named after you!" the screwdriver gets excited and says, "you have a drink named larry?"
                                                                                                                      why did the chicken cross the road? because korea's missiles can't reach that far.
                                      a poster at the door of a church said, "if you are tired of your sins, come in." someone used lipstick to write her number beneath it and added "call me, if not."
                                                                                    certainty fewer things in life are certain than death, taxes and if you name your son chester he will touch children
                                                                                                        "wife stabs husband with squirrel" was on the news.. does anyone know how to sharpen a squirrel?
                                                                            so harry potter gets an invisibility cloak.. does he sneak in and watch hermione getting changed? no, he goes to the library
                                                                                                          my whole life has felt like one big hammock and everybody is watching me try to get out of it.
                                                                                                        i'm going to confess my love to this sore throat so it'll be gone when i wake up in the morning.
                                                              when the inventor of the usb stick dies they'll gently lower the coffin, then pull it back up, turn it the other way, then lower it again.
                                                                                                                                                      yoda asks: afraid of 7, 9 is. why? because 6, 7 8.
                                                                                                                                                  what do you call a perturbed grown-up? an addled adult
                                                                                                                 knock knock who's there ! andy ! andy who ? andy little gadgets to have door knockers !
                                                                                                  i caught my brother sleeping with my girlfriend... so i decided to get revenge and sleep with his mom.
                                                                                                                                   a little wine does the body good, a lot of wine does the body better!
                                                            gunman: put ur hands in the air. now wave them like you just don't care. you still care [shoves gun in guys mouth] show some utter disregard
                                                                                           her: you need to text faster me: not sure what you just sent. i'm still working on the texts from 3 weeks ago
                                                                   [job interview] "tell me about yourself" *flashback to when i used hand towels mom said are specifically for guests* i'm a risk taker
                                                                                                         i knew she was about to say something intelligent because she began with, "you once told me..."
                 ya know, my dick was in the guinness book of world records once... wasn't for very long though. librarian told me to put the book down and get the fuck out before she called the cops.
                                  if i played video games for 8 hours, i'd be called a loser bum but if i watched tv for 8 hours straight, people would just think i didn't have anything to do that day
                                                                                                                                                                          i for one, like roman numerals
                                                                                                              i'd hate to be rock, and have to come home and explain to my kids how i got beat by paper.
                                                                                                                                            have you seen the movie constipated? it hasn't come out yet.
                                                                                                   why do birds suddenly appear every time you are near? just like me, they long to eat your sandwiches.
                                                                                                                                                  i am feeling very optimistic. but i bet it won't last.
                                                                    a woman marries a man expecting he will change, but he doesn't. a man marries a woman expecting that she won't change, and she does.
                                                                          a group of the best isis fighters mistakingly kidnapped chuck norris when they realized who they had, they beheaded each other
                                                                                                                    what did the raped dog said to the peta activist? thank god i am not an african kid.
                                                                                                                        how can you tell you're at a gay bar-b-que? all the hot dogs taste like shit....
                                                                the internet completely changed my sex life. i used to go to the bar every night trying to get laid. now i'm just sit here masturbating.
                                                                                                                                                 what do you call an undercover cop? a pig in a blanket.
                                                                                                                                 hey, did you hear about that hilarious joke on /r/jokes? neither did i.
                                                                                           policeman: why were you speeding? motorist: i wasn't going to miss seeing myself on "america's most  wanted."
                                                                                            i only use shampoo that smells like raspberries so people don't think it's weird when i have jam in my hair.
                                                                                                                               i walked into my sister's room and tripped on a bra. it was a booby-trap.
                                                                                                                                  did you hear the one about the guy who couldn't think of a punch line?
                                                                                                                               how did henry v reload his rifle? once more into the breech, dear friends
                                                  my buddy just came over with his eyebrows waxed... the light had them shining so much it looked like both of his eyes just came up with the best idea.
                                                                                                                                                            what do you call a wet spy? james pond (   )
                                                              [1st day as police officer] partner: that car flew by doing 126 mph! let's roll! me: um, ok, but i literally just got this ice cream cone.
                                                                                                                    to all the philosophy majors out there... can i get a grande mocha with whip please?
                                                                   how many ska kids does it take to screw in a light bulb? 4... one to drop it and three to pick it up, pick it up, pick it uuuuuuup!!!
                                                                                                                            i go to mcdonald's once a month just to replenish the napkin stash in my car
                                                                                      ladies, place your heart in the hands of god & he will place it in the hands of a man who he believes deserves it.
                                                                                                                      jimmy kimmel should have floyd mayweather read mean tweets after the fight oh wait
                                                                her: show me your pics me: ok *blackberry restarts* *waiting* *gets married* *have kids* son: dad, your phone finished restarting *dies*
                                                                                         two guys talking "tell me , have you ever been awakened by a blowjob?" "no ,i always sleep with my mouth shut."
                                                                                                                                      if religion is the opium of the masses then i smoke weed everyday!
                                                                                                                         what do you call a basketball that rolls off court and deflates? out of bounce.
                                                                                                       did you hear about the cannibal that went to the rock concert? he heard there was a jimmy buffet.
                                                                                                   the man who invented the dildo sadly passed away. his funeral went just as expected. only women came.
                                                                                                                                            i got a black girlfriend now. i burned my hand on the stove.
                                                                                                                                         why did the cactus cross the road? it got stuck to the chicken.
                                                                                                                                       i like dating black girls because i don't have to meet their dads
                                                                         "bluetooth or crazy" - is a guessing game i play when i see someone talking to themselves on the street. i usually guess wrong.
                                                                                                                   living on earth may be expensive, but it includes an annual free trip around the sun.
                                                                                                                   i've decided that i'm going to start texting people back. that's it. that's the joke.
                                                                                                                       men need to stop looking at women as sex objects... they can also cook and clean!
                                                                      what's the difference between a rhinoceros and a mattababy? [works every time] what's a mattababy? nothing what's a matta with you
                                                                                                                                                         what type of cheese is strong? shredded cheese.
                                                                                                                                            sockets what did one socket say to the other? stay grounded.
                                                                                                                                             what do you call a girl that you meet on reddit? you don't.
                                                                                                            so how about the bbc sacking jeremy clarkson ? i think the whole thing is a huge miss-steak.
                                                                                                                                         what kind of donuts did bob marley prefer? the ones with jam in
                                                                                                                      how do you know your girlfriend is getting fat? she fits into your wife's clothes.
                                                               do you ever get a shooting pain through your body like someone has a voodoo doll of you and they are stabbing it? no? how about now? now?
                                                                  text from mom: how's my baby girl? me: i'm moving back in. mom: your room is ready. me: no, your uterus! mom: steph you drink too much
                                          what do a mosquito and my ex have in common? they both try to suck you dry, try to have babies with your dna, and then you find them sucking off someone else.
                                                                                                                                           what is a rednecks favorite pie during the holidays? pump-kin
                                                                                                                                                   did you here about that original joke? neither did i.
                                                                                   flossed for the first time in a long time. .... i don't remember eating all that blood, but a lot got stuck in there.
                               wife:what is 10 years with me? wife:what is 10 years with me? husband:a second. wife:what is $1000 for me? husband:a coin. wife: ok give me a coin. husband:wait a second
                                                                                                     "it just feels so good to have a clean apartment!" - someone who's never killed a bear with a sword
                                                                                                                                         did you hear about the giant that threw up? it's all over town.
                                                                                                                                  i'm so lucky that i get to wake up every day and do what i love. (eat)
                      i haven't had a server go down on me that long since new year at hooters. edit for explanation: https://techcrunch.com/2016/08/11/reddit-is-currently-experiencing-a-major-outage/
                                                                        an anvil walks into a bar.. the bartender asks him, would you like a beer? the anvil answers: "no thanks, i'm already hammered."
                                                                                            i like to sneak into people's houses and masturbate in their livingroom. ...so far no ones heard me cumming.
                                                                                                                               kid threw a rainbow slushee at my windshield .... thought i hit a unicorn
                                                                                                                         you say "tomato," i say "tomato," and there, we've written our own wedding vows
                                                                                                                                 apparently someone in london gets stabbed every 52 seconds poor bastard
                                                                         its possible to live on a diet of only potatoes but, as the irish found out, it wasn't possible to live on a diet without them.
                                                                                                   the speed of light is when you take out a bottle of beer out of the fridge before the light comes on.
                                                               from my 6yo me (after having taught her subtraction): "so, what's the difference between 10 and 5?" "they're just two different numbers!"
                                                                                                                                                                                  june is over? julying.
                                                                            when i want to exercise, i wear my gym clothes... ...but when i want to wear something more formal, i wear my james clothes.
                                                                                                                              if by "eat clean" you mean "donuts in the shower", then yes - i eat clean.
                                                            i've learned a lot about women. ex: if you're going to the hospital for a gunshot wound & she asks for tampons, you'd better stop on the way
                                                                                                                                  none of this is appropriate for anybody. take the 18+ out of your bio.